the Nazis claimed that the Jews were responsible for introducing tobacco and its harmful effects.
The species are dicotyledons included in the order Caryophyllales.
He entered his composition under the pen name of'' Orpheus''.
Latex is used to make rubber.
Martensdale is a city of Iowa in the United States.
An emergency is a situation in which a risk to health, life, property or environment is about to happen.
It has no special status.
; DC Replace'' (the) District of Columbia'' in links with specified text, i.e.'' Washington, D.C.''.
Beowulf tears Grendel's arm off from his body and sticks it on the wall as a trophy. Grendel runs to his home in the marshes, where he dies.
Like most card games, the dealer shuffles the deck of cards.
From 1969 to 1970 du PrÃ played a Francesco Goffriller cello, and in 1970 she got a modern instrument from the Philadelphia violin maker Sergio Peresson.
Lincoln County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.
Les Bons Villers is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
At the 2000 census, there were 397 people, 136 households, and 102 families living in the village.
Saint-Germain-de-Livet is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.
It once again became the background for the tourism of Lake Velencei, where commercial service facilities are established and the infrastructure is developing rapidly.
This is the sort of false dependency that can be resolved by renaming.
It is the first album by the band that made no use of samples, and contains none of the jazz or jazz fusion stylings of the Blue Lines or Protection recordings, but is less dark than Mezzanine.
Robert Lincoln began a search for the first copy in 1908. He discovered a handwritten copy of the Gettysburg Address among the papers of John Hay -- a copy now known as the'' Hay Draft''.
Phase I utilizes 50 Vestas V-90 wind turbine generators, each with a rated capacity of 3 MW.
The Man from Earth is a 2007 film written by Jerome Bixby.
Niamh has great beauty and is' expected' to wed Eamonn, a nearby chieftan.
\* (^ 0 - x ).
Prussian troops played a key part in the victories of the allies in 1813 and 1814.
In case of a disagreement between the translation and the original version of this License or a notice or disclaimer, the original version will prevail.
The NHM was at first a department of the famous British Museum. When the present NHM building was opened in 1881, it was then called the British Museum (Natural History) or BMNH.
Brawn's former drivers Jenson Button joined McLaren, and Rubens Barrichello joined Williams team for 2010.
He thought she was a prodigy with the courage, understanding, and emotional maturity of an adult.
The funnel-shaped openings could play a role in trapping arthropods, which are also eaten.
At the 2000 census the population was 3,169.
The Conn Smythe Trophy is a trophy in the National Hockey League awarded to the most valuable player in the playoffs each year.
Fossil fuels are fuels that are made from fossils.
Austria has many artists, there are Gustav Klimt, Oskar Kokoschka, Egon Schiele or Friedensreich Hundertwasser, Inge Morath or Otto Wagner and scienc.
The water that flows out of Lake Huron goes through a river that flows past Detroit, Michigan.
Her father taught her chess when she was nine and, in the year of her arrival in England at the age of fifteen, she won the British girls' championship.
The capital is Andorra la Vella.
The effect is most occurred when the neutral object have a charges which can move freely.) )
Official scribes then swiftly copied these writings, some copies proving so precise that the originals were put into the library, and the copies delivered to the unsuspecting owners.
Livingstone applied for readmittance to the Labor Party in 2002 but was rejected.
This is a list of record labels from Germany.
Alexandria is a city of Virginia in the United States.
A secondary source is a document or recording that writes or speaks about information that was originally presented elsewhere.
Low Moor is a city of Iowa in the United States.
The Grand Trunk Road (commonly abbreviated to GT Road) is one of South Asia's oldest and longest major roads.
Gueffroy and his friend Christian Gaudian tried to escape from East Berlin to West Berlin on the night of 5 to 6 February 1989. They tried to cross near the Britz district canal.
Wim Jonk (born 12 October 1966) is a former Dutch football player.
O'Neal won a gold medal with the 1996 Dream Team.
( Duke Arthur of Connaught and his son did not want to become Duke, so renounced (gave up) their right to succession ).
More often than might be expected, a procedure requires far more time (not less ), to fully process, and consider, all aspects of a situation.
It was built in 1986, by BREL at their Crewe Works, and was used on test-trains on both the West Coast Main Line and East Coast Main Line.
Wassigny is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.
Since the water does not usually go all the way up through the sand, the sand above does not appear to move at all, and can support leaves and other small debris. This makes it difficul to distinguish quicksand from the surrounding environment.
Postal regions do not always follow state borders.
Corvus is similar to the Babylonian raven (MUL.
The club has the largest supporter base of any team outwith Scotland's four major cities.
At the death of Tiberius in 37, Caligula succeeded his great-uncle and adoptive grandfather.
This version uses the Sega NetLink for online play, and is played with the Saturn's analog pad.
It's a project under construction so the instructions might not be available or up-to-date yet.
The detached part of the parish of Tetworth, Huntingdonshire, surrounded by Cambridgeshire, remained until the boundaries were changed in 1965.
Saint-L Ã ger is a commune of 231 people (2004 ). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.
Cookies were made at first in 7th century AD Persia, just after the use of sugar became common there.
The left panel was Young Girls Pursuing Fame and the right panel Arts, Music, Dancing.
The home of the crown prince is located in Asker.
The two maintained a correspondence during her exile.
It has represented the interests of British record companies since being formally incorporated in 1973 when the principal aim was to fight copyright infringement.
With five players left, Burton won a car reward and took Jon with him away from camp.
In 1982, RSI renamed itself Oracle Systems to make the relation to its main product, Oracle Database, clearer.
Emperor Sushun was the 32nd emperor of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession.
Its basin covers 504000 k, of which 289000 k are within Ukraine.
They can be closed or open-faced with no crust on top (like a tart ).
In the end, Coby's jealousy of Ian and Tom's leadership, complaining and revealing too much of the tribe details to Stephenie, got him voted off and he became the Jury member in a 7-1-1 vote.
The history of Polish counties goes back to the second half of the 14th century.
The tramway runs for 11 m, and over 6,500,000 people travel on it each year.
Ardmore is a city of Oklahoma in the United States. It is the county seat of Carter County
The story takes place at the abbey of Prince Prospero.
The Free City was represented abroad by Poland's ambassadors.
The following year, Atkins was ranked # 28 in CMT's'' 40 Greatest Men of Country Music.''
Robinson's major league debut brought an end to almost sixty years of segregation in professional baseball, known as the baseball color line.
He was often a guest on Late Night with David Letterman and the Late Show with David Letterman.
By the end of June, it had set a new record for most-downloaded album ever.
The rules also vary depending on whether the cue ball or fifteenth object ball are resting on the table's head spot.
Many, most notably Aristotle, regard him as the first philosopher in the Greek tradition.
Malibu picked up three inches (eight centimeters) of snow - the first measurable snow in five decades (50 years ).
He has played for Japan national team.
Martin the Armenian was one of the settlers in the Jamestown Colony in Virginia.
The western third of the island belongs to the Inuvik Region in the Northwest Territories and the rest is part of Nunavut's Kitikmeot Region.
Catherine Howard was a cousin of Henry's second wife, Anne Boleyn.
Lee Kuan Yew, GCMG, CH (Honorary) (Christian name : Harry, ; born 16 September 1923 ; also Lee Kwan-Yew) is a Singaporean politician.
He is also the founder of the production company, Syncopy Films.
Two other future affiliates of The CW, WCWJ in Jacksonville, Florida and WIWB in Green Bay, Wisconsin, also aired SmackDown!
Alan John Carpenter (born 4 January 1957) was the 28th Premier of Western Australia from 26 January 2006 to 23 September 2008.
Six people were reported dead as a result of rockslides in two suburban neighborhoods of the city and in the port itself.
Mrs Siddons formally retired from the stage in 1812, but continued to appear on special occasions.
Two centuries later, the seat of the diocese was shifted to Wells from Sherborne.
In this episode, Home eats a poisonous fugu fish at a sushi restaurant, and is told that he has only twenty-four hours left to live.
He plays for Fluminense.
In 1901, while working for the Wa Syndicate, he left London to scout in Ghana and Upper Volta.
She said that the tale was a'' perfect marriage of word and image'' and'' a triumph of fantasy and fact''.
Despite the activity, there were few notable systems this year.
The theater has been the home of the annual Academy Awards since 2002.
On September 19 it was reported that the remnants of Gordon would cause high winds and rainfall in parts of the United Kingdom.
Since then, it has become a central argument on the part of some prominent legal abortion advocates.
She was born in Ã -- rebro. Her father was a doctor in natural medicine, and she wanted to become one too.
'' We want to avoid any possible unnecessary destruction and loss of life.''
The President of the Swiss Confederation is the person elected by the Swiss Federal Council to chair its meetings and to represent Switzerland.
The band's debut album, released on 2003, as Maroon 5, was titled Songs About Jane and released the hit singles'' Harder to Breathe'','' This Love'', and'' She Will Be Loved''.
The Class 123 was a design of Diesel Multiple Unit built for British Rail in 1963.
For example, for all subpages of User : Example, type in the search box and hit Go : Special : Prefixindex\/User : Example \/.
The L&B rises and falls several times along its length.
The sites of Nourlangie and Ubirr are among the most visited locations in the Park.
The operas of Rossini, Bellini and Donizetti need bel canto singing.
The album artwork also describe that concept. Hayley Williams explains,'' The couch on the cover of All We Know is Falling with no one there and the shadow walking away ; it's all about Jeremy leaving us and us feeling like there's an empty space.''
The Itza left the YucatÃ n region in the 13th century and built the city later known as Tayasal as their capital.
Van Buren was the third born of five children.93 His father, Abraham Van Buren, was a farmer and a tavern owner. His mother was Maria Hoes Van Buren, the granddaughter of a Dutch immigrant.157 Martin Van Buren went to school at the Kinderhook Academy in the village where he lived.
Six months after he first started playing, Moore entered and won the 1929 Michigan State billiard championship.
She married Frederick of WÃ 1\/4 rttemberg on 27 May 1798.
'' To gain a desired prey, a dog or wolf will do things (that they would normally not do, such as) run through thorn bushes, jump into cold water and expose themselves to risks which would normally frighten them.
It was released on May 9, 2006 by record label Warner Bros..
Although passports issued by the'' Hutt River Province'' are not legally recognized by the Australian Government, they have been accepted on a case-by-case basis for overseas travel.
Formaldehyde (or Methanal) is a chemical compound.
Instead, people will be presented with a view of the next redirect page.
Lebanon sees Hezbollah as a legitimate resistance movement.
Air France Flight 447 was a scheduled commercial flight from Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, to Paris, France.
After the Wittenberg line of the Ascanians became extinct, the Electorate was given to Frederick, Margrave of Meissen and Landgrave of Thuringia, of the House of Wettin.
Bury St Edmunds is where the A1101 road, Britain's lowest road, ends.
Huntingdon College is also ranked by the Princeton Review as one of the best liberal arts colleges in the Southeast.
The stem is normally divided into nodes and internodes, the nodes hold buds which grow into one or more leaves, flowers, cones or other stems etc..
It merely needs to have improved on yesterday.
Paranthropus shared the earth with some early examples of the Homo genus, such as H. habilis, H. ergaster, and possibly even H. erectus.
Peppara and Aruvikkara dams are the main sources of water for distribution in the capital city.
Tropical cyclones moving into this region from the Australian Region are renamed by the Sub-Regional Tropical Cyclone Advisory Center in Mauritius ; however tropical cyclones moving into the Australian region do not get renamed.
16 earned by the team's first driver, Pierluigi Martini.
Situated in the extreme east of Sikkim, Rhenock witnessed establishment of first police out post in the state, which is the historical event.
For a description and example of how SPC applies to a service environment, refer to Roberts (2005 ).
Incest between consenting adults is is very rare.
In 1950, the Canadian Press named him the best ice hockey player of the first half of the 20th century.
Every year, in July, a three-week festival, the Chichester Festivities, takes place. Then in August since 2007 there has been a week long I AM JOY Arts and Music festival held across different venues in the city.
The game was later released on consoles in the West (as Taiko Drum Master) and the franchise continues to receive new installments in Japan.
Thong is a village in Kent, England. It is south of Gravesend.
Bahrain is split into five governorates.
Sickling decreases the cells' flexibility and results in a risk of various complications.
In the late 17th century, people discovered that South America and Australia were not part of the mythical'' Antarctica''. However, geographers still believed that Antarctica was much bigger than it really was.
+ (( Ç 1\/4 Æ EÃ Ã Ã Ã Ã Ç cents Ä' Ä'' Ä -- Ä Ä Æ Æ È È È Ð Ñ Ó á'' á -- á á á á á á 1\/4 á 3\/4 á'' á'' á'' á'' â' Î Î á 1\/4 á 1\/4 á 1\/4 á 1\/4 á 1\/4 á 1\/4 á Ð Ð Ð Ó -- 3 Î # Æ Ø ?
It contains some fifty species native to tropical and subtropical America.
He removed excessive ruffles and frills and used rich fabrics in simple, but flattering, outlines.
No appointments have been made since 1947, the year of Indian independence and the Partition of India.
Villers-sur-F Ã re is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.
Allan Kardec (Hippolyte LÃ on Denizard Rivail October 3, 1804 - March 31, 1869) was a French philosopher and teacher.
The Lion King received many award nominations, including the Academy Award for Best Original Score (by Hans Zimmer) and the Golden Globe award for Best Motion Picture â'' Musical or Comedy, both of which it won.
BjÃ rn Borg (born June 6, 1956) is a retired professional tennis player from Sweden.
Black pudding is an English name for blood sausage.
In 1702 Scarlatti left Naples and went to Florence where he composed operas for Ferdinando de' Medici and for Cardinal Ottoboni, who made him his maestro di cappella. In 1703 he also got a similar job in Rome at the Basilica di Santa Maria Maggiore.
Carver and Schmitz soon became friends, and Carver's first book of poems, Near Klamath, was later written and published with helpful advice from Schmitz.
A chemical change (chemical reaction) is a change of materials into other, new materials with different properties, and one or more new substances are formed. Burning of wood is a chemical change as new substances which can not be changed back (e.g. carbon dioxide, water vapor) are formed.
Life was then transported to the cooled Earth when crustal material was blasted off Mars by asteroid and comet impacts.
The first column displays the header and the second column contains the parameter name.
Derby Tramway was tram system that serverd the city of Derby (then a town ), England.
The template will prevent line-wrapping.
In the Battle of Kolding on December 25, 1658, the alliance of Polish and Danish forces under hetman Stefan Czarniecki defeated the Swedish forces of Charles X Gustav of Sweden.
At the 2006 Survivor Series James defeated Lita to win her second Women's Championship.
His films are characterized by Christian spirituality and metaphysical themes. Other things that are typical for his films are extremely long takes, the lack of conventional dramatic structure and plot, and memorable images of exceptional beauty.
Coombs had a stroke on September 10, 2001. He died on September 18, 2001 in Toronto, Ontario.
Alcohol sales were also stopped immediately after the storm.
Tere Pyar Mein (Urdu : Ø Û Ø Û' Ù 3\/4 Û Ø Ø Ù
RÃ ard named his swimsuit the'' bikini'', taking the name from the Bikini Atoll, one of a series of islands in the South Pacific where testing on the new atomic bomb was occurring that summer.
It stars Malcolm McDowell as Caligula.
When detecting excessive text removals, feel free to revert any self-righteous deletions, and try to restore text as intended by the writers, but always mindful of discussions on the talk-page.
Manor House tube station is a station on the Piccadilly line of the London Underground, on the boundary between Travelcard Zone 2 and Zone 3.
Charleston is a city in Berkeley and Charleston counties in the U.S. state of South Carolina.
On the morning of August 30, it was upgraded to a Category 3 major hurricane.
Arran or the Isle of Arran is the largest island in the Firth of Clyde, Scotland.
One of the passengers in the vehicle died, and others were severely injured.
This is a timeline of selected dinosaurs from the list above.
Later, on the Berwickshire coast, he found Siccar Point. There was'' a beautiful picture of this junction washed bare by the sea'', where 345 million year old Devonian Old Red Sandstone overlies 425 million year old Silurian greywacke.
A baptismal record, dated May 25, 1617, for a'' Mighell Wryghtt'', son of James Wright, described as a tailor and a citizen of London, in London, seems to agree with this claim.
Some of the small islands in the strait are also part of the province.
In it, a clear majority (78.5 %) of those voting said they would rather become independent. The alternative proposal would have been to stay with Indonesia, but to have many freedoms as an autonomous province, called Special Autonomous Region of East Timor (SARET ).
Europa's underground ocean was later confirmed by the spacecraft Galileo.
Alban Berg's Violin Concerto was written in 1935.
His first act was to attempt to restore the old Entente through a three-power alliance of England, France and Belgium, directed against Germany.
It is set to replace the USS Abraham Lincoln.
Dandurand was also a boxing and wrestling promoter in Montreal and a director of the Montreal Royals baseball team.
The position was created following the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001.
It is about a group of five teenage friends who like the paranormal and explore haunted places to find any paranormal happenings.
While some of the information given, such as information given by Klaus Fuchs, could probably have been very helpful, the way the people in charge of the Soviet bomb project actually used the information has led later scholars to think it did not actually speed up the Soviet Union's process of making bombs much.
In cycling a time trial (TT) can be a single track race, or an individual time trial on the road.
Sargent was chief conductor of the Proms from 1948 until his death in 1967. In 1950 he followed Sir Adrian Boult as conductor of the BBC Symphony Orchestra.
It is situated near to the French quarter of Montmartre in the red-light district of Paris called Pigalle on Boulevard de Clichy in the 18th arrondissement. It can be recognized by the large red windmill it has on its roof.
It converts coordinates in the deg\/min\/sec system into a decimal number, which is negative for western and\/or southern hemispere.
Bratislava had many names through its history.
The Angel of Death, who is identified by some with Satan, right after the creation has a dispute with God about the light of the Messiah.
He died about 395.
National ministries vary greatly between countries, but some common ones include Ministry of Defense, Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Ministry of Finance, and Ministry of Health.
In Europe, especially the Nordic countries, Germany and the Netherlands, salty-liquorice or salmiak flavored lollipops are also available, but these are largely unknown in other parts of the world.
In June 2007, Livingstone criticised a planned Â # 200 million desalination plant at Beckton, which would be the United Kingdom's first, calling it'' misguided and a retrograde step in UK environmental policy'', and that'' we should be encouraging people to use less water, not more.''
The following excerpts which demonstrate some of the known doctrinal characteristics of ancient Sabellians may be seen to compare with the doctrines in the modern Oneness movement :
He was born in Lewiston, Maine in 1927. After he finished school at the North Yarmouth Academy he decided to find work entertaining children.
The opened for service on 6 July 1998 along with the new Hong Kong International Airport.
The braincase is broader than that of dogs.
Bf4) in the Queen's Indian Defense is named after him.
These proposals included the Sundesert Nuclear Power Plant, which was never built.
In 1948, she traveled to France to study at the Academy Grand Chaumiere with the sculptors Ossip Zadkine and Henri Laurens.
For mosques in other areas, it has most commonly been taken that non-Muslims may only enter mosques if granted permission to do so by Muslims and if they have a proper reason.
John Stuart, 3rd Earl of Bute, KG, PC (25 May 1713-10 March 1792) was a Scottish nobleman. He was Prime Minister of Great Britain (1762 â'' 1763) under King George III.
For example, in the 2007 regular season, each team in the NFC West played one game against each team in both the AFC North and the NFC South.
Portugal national football team is the national football team of Portugal.
It is the Pacific Ocean. Palau is 300 miles (500 km) east of the Philippines.
Class 371, Class 381 and Class 471 were proposed electric multiple unit classes from the Networker family intended to operate services in the south-east of England.
Peterhead is a town in Aberdeenshire, Scotland.
Some have argued that logic dictates, therefore, that the jar acts as a prison for Elpis as well, withholding it from men.
Tourrettes-sur-Loup is a commune.
Paleoconservative activist and former presidential candidate Pat Buchanan has appeared twice as of May 2009.
Araucaria heterophylla, also called the Norfolk Island Pine, is a conifer tree.
Many people say that he is the world's best contemporary player. Messi received several Ballon d'Or and FIFA World Player of the Year by the age of 22.
The Caucasus Mountains to the north and the northeast divide Abkhazia from the Russian Federation.
Axel Rodrigues de Arruda (born 9 January 1970) is a Brazilian football player.
To commemorate Patroclus the Greeks later introduced boxing (pygme \/ pygmachia) to the Olympic Games in 688 BC.
Saint-L Ã ger-Dubosq is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.
The final line of the end verse uses the Proverbs 3:17 as its base, which reads,'' Her ways are of pleasantness, and all her paths are peace.''
Once installed, the'' auto ed'' tab should appear on all non-talk pages.
She wrote 77 published works of which 58 were first published in the journal.
They had a child, son Preston Charles, on November 16th, 2006.
Under the Local Government Act 1972 it became a parish in the borough of Harrogate, North Yorkshire.
This shows crossed swords over a gambia, a traditional curved dagger.
Now in Spain and Senna took his 50th career pole position ahead of Prost, Mansell, Alesi, Berger and Patrese.
The archaeological sites show that Aboriginals have lived here for at least 20 000 and possibly up to 40 000 years.
At UNI, Warner was third on the Panthers' depth chart until his senior year.
The only Pacific hurricanes to strike Mexico at greater intensity were 1976's Hurricane Madeline and an unnamed 1959 storm.
In the spring of 1910, Maria Ivanovna Vishnyakova, a royal governess, said that Rasputin had raped her.
The Kia Carens is a car produced by Kia since 1999. It is now in its Third generation, and is called Kia Rondo on the North American market.
JosÃ Vicente SÃ nchez (born 8 October, 1956) is a former Spanish football player.
And the cells are small and protoplasm fills the cell completely.
In most species, the sperm duct includes two or three spiny structures that presumably aid in copulation, although the details are unknown.
Those who ruled after Herod used coins showing that they dated their rules as beginning in 4 BC.
Over the Gulf of Mexico Cindy turned into a tropical storm on September 16.
When James died, Mary spent a lot of time with the nuns at the Convent of Chaillot.
In Kavanagh, a character says : We want a national literature commensurate with our mountains and rivers... We want a national epic that shall correspond to the size of the country... We want a national drama in which scope shall be given to our gigantic ideas and to the unparalleled activity of our people... In a word, we want a national literature altogether shaggy and unshorn, that shall shake the earth, like a herd of buffaloes thundering over the prairies.
Thomas Stewart Baker (born January 20, 1934 ), or Tom Baker, is an English actor.
Some people have rabbits as pets.
Later they started build of sewers, the regular collection of garbage, incineration or disposal, providing clean water and draining standing water to prevent the breeding of mosquitos.
This hurricane caused a lot of damage as it slammed into Dominican Republic as a category 5 hurricane and was it struck Florida as a category 2 hurricane.
This is because the BBC played a large part in Florence and the Machine's rise to prominence by promoting her as part of BBC Introducing.
Rap metal is a subgenre of rap rock which fuses vocal and usually instrumental elements of hip hop music with heavy metal.
However, Doctor Boskonovitch makes a cameo in the Tekken Bowling minigame.
SCRIPT\/VS was a different version of SCRIPT, developed at IBM in the 1980s.
Rumi and Jawi are both official in Brunei.
The term originated in Xena : Warrior Princess fandom.
Overuse of this template will make prose harder to read, and is likely to be reverted by other editors.
Instead, the Holy League was formed, in which all the powers now joined together against France.
By the Graeco-Roman era, many of them were healers, and were said to have many other powers, including explaining dreams and the power to control the weather by braiding or combing their hair.
The Vampire Squid (Vampyroteuthis infernalis, lit.
With Ozai defeated, the war quickly ends.
The Jalpa was replaced by the Lamborghini Gallardo.
The importance of agriculture as an employer has gone down in the 20th century ; today less than one percent of the county's population are involved.
In the 1620s, the first large European colony began in New Netherland, when the Dutch began trading fur on Governors Island.
Villieu-Loyes-Mollon is a commune.
After the First World War Congress reorganized the U.S. land forces. The National Defense Act of 4 June 1920 authorized a Regular Army, a National Guard, and an Organized Reserve (Officers Reserve Corps and Enlisted Reserve Corps) of unrestricted size.
The peace treaty of Versailles demanded the'' questioning'' of the local population about their political status.
While helping, another driver lost control and hit Jeckle and another man.
When the Labor first held office under Chris Watson, Watson used the right to choose members of his Cabinet.
( 99942) Apophis is a near-Earth asteroid that worried people for a short time in December 2004. This was because observations seemed to show that it would hit the Earth in 2029.
Henley's first acting job was playing Lucy Pevensie in the 2005 film The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe, based on the C.S. Lewis novel The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe.
Gilbert was born on 14 March, but the year is not known. People have worked out that is must have been between 1810 and 1815.
The universe seems to have much more matter than antimatter.
A subtropical cyclone (also known as a subtropical storm) is a cyclonic weather storm.
Residents were warned to stay indoors, close doors and windows, clear storm sewers and move livestock to safe areas.
Chiron cures Percy, who leaves camp. He goes to another school found by his mother.
Before the Advance, Nintendo had released the Game Boy and Game Boy Color.
The Jhangochi dialect of Punjabi has several aspects that set it apart from other Punjabi variants.
It has campuses in Burnaby Mountain in Burnaby, Vancouver and Surrey, all in British Columbia.
Frehley played with the group from 1973 until 1982.
During the 2000 Florida election recount, Herman was part of team planning a transition to a Gore Administration, and she was mentioned as a likely pick for White House Chief of Staff.
Also, Ahmedabad, India became the center of a booming textile industry, and it got the nickname'' the Manchester of the East.''
It may happen as a result of sleep deprivation, fatigue, sleep apnea, narcolepsy, or hypersomnia.
Around Fort Nelson is Fort Nelson River, Muskwa River and Prophet River.
It is a parody of'' Wild Thing'' by Tone LÅ c. It appeared in the film UHF.
She was so sad she jumped into a lake to become a fish, but the waters would not let her beauty be hidden.
Robert KovaÄ (born 6 April 1974) is a Croatian football player.
They can not distinguish shapes or determine the direction light is coming from.
30th Street Station is a major Amtrak and SEPTA station in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
During his two terms, he led mediations between Britain and Argentina in the aftermath of the Falklands War and promoted the efforts of the Contadora Group to bring peace and stability to Central America.
Mira is a binary star system with a white dwarf (Mira B) star and a red giant (Mira A ).
This change was made because system planners expected traffic of the Tsuen Wan Line would exceed that of the Kwun Tong Line.
For example, Martin and Russel show that cell membranes separating contents from the environment and self-organization of self-contained redox reactions are the most conserved attributes of living things.
Other names for them are Kuchi Hound, TÄ zÄ'', Balkh Hound, Baluchi Hound, Barutzy Hound, Shalgar Hound, Kabul Hound, Galanday Hound, or sometimes, not rightly, African Hound.
Antonio Bezerra BrandÃ # o (born 21 December 1977) is a Brazilian football player.
Page-turners are sometimes friends of the performer or members of the accompanying orchestra helping the musician.
The equipment has the ability of starting rides very slowly and can be advanced to faster speeds if a rider is able to handle them.
The population of the city of Alicante proper is about 334,757, as of 2009, ranking as the second-largest Valencian city.
While the illegal buying and selling of pets takes a toll on wild populations, the main threat to the Siamang is habitat loss in both Malaysia and Sumatra.
However, in a few cases, services have a route number that has no relation to its daytime equivalent, such as the N5, which operates in a different part of London to day route 5.
Franco Causio (born 1 February, 1949) is a former Italian football player.
At the 2000 census the population was 7,540.
The Cardinals began play in the current Busch Stadium in 2006, becoming the first team since 1923 to win the World Series in their first season in a new ballpark.
Together with the high surf, these can cause a lot of beach erosion.
While at University of California, Berkeley, he created a film entitled'' Countdown to Kickoff 2003'' for his master's thesis in Education.
After Cao Cao's son Cao Pi started the Wei Dynasty in 220, Liu Bei also wanted to be an emperor and declared himself Emperor of Shu Han in 221.
In 1905 Capablanca passed with ease the entrance examinations for Columbia University in New York City. He wished to play for Columbia's strong baseball team, and soon was selected as shortstop on the freshman team.
The name comes from the French for Turkish.
Sentosa is a resort island at the south of Singapore. The island is well-known for its beach, Fort Siloso and two five-star hotels.
The priests and their wives and children are killed, and Daniel is permitted to destroy the idol of Bel and the temple.
Daniel Faulkner (1955 -- 1981) was a Philadelphia police officer who was murdered on December 9, 1981, a murder that Mumia Abu-Jamal was convicted of, but which many people think Mumia did not do.
The cliff has been estimated at 5 kilometers (3 mi) and 20 kilometers (12.4 mi) high, making it the tallest known cliff in the solar system.
It is used as an additive in gasoline, plastics, synthetic rubber, dyes and it is an industrial solvent, which means it can dissolve many other chemical molecules.
Launched on 24 September 1992, it is part of the entertainment conglomerate NBC Universal.
Hon. Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman (7 September 1836-22 April 1908) was a Scottish - born British Liberal statesman. He served as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 5 December 1905 until resigning because of bad health on 3 April 1908.
Mengele was also known for his studies and fascination with twins.
Gary Caldwell (born 12 April 1982) is a Scottish football player. He plays for Wigan Athletic and Scotland national team.
They are part of the Eastern Carpathians.
In 238 AD all the people of Assisi became Christian, because of the teaching of Bishop Rufino. He was martyred.
A brand new Barnyard movie aired on November 29, 2008, which is the third day of the second'' Super Stuffed Nicktoons Weekend''.
Forty-nine 2-car units were built, numbered 50001-49 for driving motors (later renumbered 53001-49) and 56001-49 for driving trailers (later renumbered 54001-49 ).
The Tag Team Championship became apart of the Raw brand only, leaving the SmackDown!
Keith Bergman of Blabbermouth.net gave the album 10 out of 10, one of only 17 albums to achieve a perfect rating from the site.
Tarzan is a fictional character. He is in many books by Edgar Rice Burroughs.
National Disaster Relief and Recovery Arrangements were made available to a total of 31 local government areas across Queensland.
The stadium is all seats with a capacity of 13,742.
Other less reducing gases produce a lower yield and variety.
Chiburdanidze defeated Gaprindashvili by 8 Â 1\/2 â'' 6 Â 1\/2.
In October 2008, Grupo Santander announced that it would purchase the 75.65 % of Sovereign Bancorp it does not currently own. This would cosst approximately US$ 1.9 billion (â 1.4 billion ).
The stone turns out to be a dragon egg, and the dragon that hatches from it is named Saphira.
Both Michael and Anastasia were born in Ukraine and emigrated to Canada where they met in Fort William, Ontario.
To minimize the time Knowles spent on the bull, the director shot the sequence at twelve frames per second (see frame rate) and Knowles sang twice as quickly, but it was not until 4:00 a.m. that they completed work.
They are birds of the order Gruiformes, and family Gruidae.
Before the Columbian Exchange, there were no oranges in Florida, no bananas in Ecuador, no paprika in Hungary, no zucchini in Italy, no pineapples in Hawaii, no rubber trees in Africa, no cattle in Texas, no Chili peppers in Thailand and India, no cigarettes in France and no chocolate in Switzerland.
While some scholars point to Frege's negative review of the Philosophy of Arithmetic, this did not turn Husserl towards Platonism, because he had already discovered the work of Bernhard Bolzano around 1890\/91 and explicitly mentioned Bolzano, Leibniz and Lotze as inspirations for his newer position.
Westerners became aware of him in the mid nineties as he became the first Thai artist to receive an International MTV Award, be featured in the most high budget Thai film at the time,'' Sunset at Chaopraya'' (which reached international acclaim in Japan as well as the United States ).
A city manager is responsible for the leadership of the city staff. He also helps carry out the council policies, develops programs and budgets to respond to council goals, and makes sure that people get effective and efficient city services.
The Royal Navy is the navy of the United Kingdom.
Acanthomintha is a genus of the Lamiaceae, or mint family.
The song Starfighter Pilot was also put on the band's first full-length album, Songs for Polarbears.
With the opening of the Los Angeles Aqueduct in 1913, the Los Angeles River was no longer needed as a water source. Today, the Los Angeles River runs in a fixed course through a concrete channel for nearly its whole length.
Her dress suddenly caught fire, though it is unclear exactly how ; it may have been burning wax or a lighted candle which fell on her dress.
Later, in the second season, Aang meets Toph Bei Fong, a blind earthbending, who becomes his earthbending teacher.
The construction of state granaries in large numbers throughout Japan was a demonstration of the broad reach of Imperial power and concerns.
MIT developed Kerberos to protect network services provided by Project Athena.
However, following the death of her father in that month her condition deteriorated again.
Frank Joseph Scott Wise (30 May 1897 â'' 29 June 1986) was the 16th Premier of Western Australia from 31 July 1945 to 1 April 1947. He was from the Labor Party.
The third act is the puppet play.
An Electric fish is a fish that can make electric fields.
Robinson has been referred to by author David Falkner as'' the father of modern base-stealing.''
His famous experiment with DelbrÃ 1\/4 ck in 1943, known as the Luria-Delbr Ã 1\/4 ck experiment, demonstrated that inheritance in bacteria follows Darwinian rather than Lamarckian principles and that mutant genes occurring randomly can still give viral resistance without the virus being present.
Clarkson went to Pauline G Hughes Middle School and Burleson High School.
Before of the depression's development, several oil and gas companies removed unneeded workers from offshore oil platforms in the northern Gulf of Mexico ; the Shell Oil Company evacuated about 700 employees, while Noble Energy removed its workforce of about 300 people from two oil rigs.
For instance, John Stuart Mill famously suggested that'' the Battle of Marathon, even as an event in British history, is more important than the Battle of Hastings''.
There is a large amount of pumice ejection into the atmosphere and very powerful gas blast eruptions.
He works as a teacher, piano accompanist and choral singer.
Hilson's debut album was in 2009.
It is beautifully lit at night. Each year, people come from all over the world to take part in a timed run up the ladder.
Anders Nordin joined Opeth to play drums, Nick DÃ ring to play bass guitar and Andreas Dimeo to play electric guitar.
A handful of fans-only private screenings took place around the world. The world premiere of the film at the Directors Guild Theater in New York City on 4 November 2006 as part of the CMJ Film Festival.
Makoto Atsuta (born 16 September 1976) is a former Japanese football player.
Gunther is the chief of the Gibichungs.
A backlog is a list of things that need to be done, but have not been done for some time.
His son Jake Busey is also an actor.
The Complutense University of Madrid (, UCM) is one of the oldest universities in the world and the top public university in Spain.
The award was created by King Frederick William III of Prussia. It was first given out on 10 March 1813.
In the 16th century an outside staircase and a clock were added.
In the 1970s, Bishara studied at the Hebrew University in Jerusalem. He was the head of the Arab Student Union and was active in the Jewish-Arab student group Campus.
The team is sponsored by Iran's national petroleum industry and is part of the sports club Sanat Naft Athletic Club.
His arguments and theses were set against the threats that he saw attacking the theoretical foundations of Marxism.
The Third Servile War, also called the Gladiator War and The War of Spartacus by Plutarch, was the last of several unsuccessful slave rebellions against the Roman Republic.
Today Germania is located in the Germanisches Nationalmuseum in Nuremberg.
This fauna seems to show strong similarities to that of the Morrison Formation in the United States and the Lourinha Formation in Portugal.
The decision was worth millions as to whether Monroe was a resident of California (where she died) or New York (where her will was probated ).
His\/her role, however, is limited as merely a co-op player, and unlike some games, such as Gears of War and Halo 3, Knight is not critical to the single player campaign's story, as elaborated on the Eurogamer review.
Typical uses include coated tablets, cake and donut mixes, hard candies and chewing gums, lipsticks, soaps, shampoos, talc etc.
Scrap is a term used to describe recyclable materials left over from every manner of product consumption, such as parts of vehicles, building supplies, and surplus materials.
( Richard Armitage, an official in the Bush State Department, acknowledged leaking information about Plame to reporters but was never charged with a crime. )
In the later Middle Ages serfdom began to go away west of the Rhine even as it grew in Eastern Europe.
Following the birth of Princess Aiko, some felt they needed to change the current Imperial Household Law to allow women to succeed to the throne.
In the county the population was spread out with 21.40 % under the age of 18, 6.40 % from 18 to 24, 23.80 % from 25 to 44, 23.90 % from 45 to 64, and 24.50 % who were 65 years of age or older.
After his death, the King gave Jeong the special name Mundo (ë ë \/ æ -- å ).
For that reason, many images beside an infobox are typically set as'' left'' to align along the left-margin, rather than floated into the center of the page.
Themisto's orbit is unusual.
It is used in the following places :
The Miocene boundaries are not set at any particular world wide event. They are set at regional boundaries between the warmer Oligocene and the cooler Pliocene epochs.
Mammary intercourse is sometimes combined with oral sex.
Thorvald was born in Portland, Maine.
This evidence, a psychological process that'' guarantees'' truth, is indeed a psychological process.
Obviously if a commune member was attacked outside the city it was too late to call for help as it would be unlikely anyone would be around in time.
If you have bitten someone, or feel that you have been bitten, think about the following points. They could help make sure that it does not happen again.
In 1997, Simpson was found liable for their wrongful deaths in civil court, but to date he has paid little of the $ 33.5 million judgment.
Both are in the collection of the Institute of Vertebrate Paleontology and Paleoanthropology in Beijing, China.
Kenzo Yokoyama (born 21 January 1943) is a former Japanese football player.
Felix Yusupov was never punished for this murder.
The Philippine Sea is the body of water east of the Philippines and Taiwan.
Each minor key shares a key signature with one of the major keys.
At Survivor Series 2001, the title was unified with the WWF Intercontinental Championship.
' (18 June 1949 - 10 April 2010) was the President of the Republic of Poland from 2005 until his death in a plane crash in Smolensk, Russia on 10 April 2010.
The term is normally reserved for formal offices of state, aristocracy and church.
B of the Bang was located next to the City of Manchester Stadium at Sportcity, in Beswick, at the corner of Alan Turing Way and Ashton New Road ; coordinates.
Each functional unit is not a separate CPU core but an execution resource inside the CPU such as an arithmetic logic unit, floating point unit (FPU ), a bit shifter, or a multiplier.
They may call members to the Bar and allow them to practice as barristers.
The earliest known remains of Cro-Magnon-like humans are radiometrically dated to 35,000 years before present.
A person who can not speak can make a sign that they are'' taking an oath''. Another way of saying that a person is'' taking an oath'' is to say that they are'' swearing an oath''.
Lyme disease or borreliosis, is an infectious disease.
It was originally called 916 Î # I, but was renamed 916 America on 24 February 1923 after the Council of Astronomers at Pulkovo Observatory decided to pay tribute to'' the friendly relations of the astronomical observatories and astronomers''.
DÃ om ), a small ethnic group scattered in extended family units among larger host communities.
Bullets are generally designed to penetrate, deform, and\/or break apart.
The annexation of Mauretania, begun under Caligula, was completed after the defeat of rebel forces, and divided into two provinces.
Scarlino is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Grosseto in the Italian region Tuscany, located about 100 km southwest of Florence and about 25 km northwest of Grosseto.
Saint-Nizier-le-Bouchoux is a commune.
According to available historical documents, he is the first philosopher known to have written down his studies, although only one fragment of his work remains.
In the world there are many red-light districts, the most famous probably being the red-light district in Amsterdam.
The county seat and largest municipality is Rockville.
It was released in theaters on October 24, 2008.
Things became so horrible that, on one occasion, Gates ran out of a meeting in a huff after a shouting match in which Mr. Ballmer defended several work people, according to a person present at the time.
GameSpot makes video game and PC reviews, previews, downloads, news, and information.
Chula Vista (;, due to its scenic location between the San Diego Bay and coastal mountain foothills) is the second largest city in the San Diego metropolitan area as well as the 7th largest city in Southern California.
Korie Homan and Esther Vergeer were the defending champions, only Vergeer competed in the event.
It was directed by Javed Sheikh and ran successfully in theaters across Pakistan.
Mundilfari or Saturn XXV, is a moon of Saturn.
After the Irish Free State was established in 1922, it became the home of the Governor-General of the Irish Free State until 1932.
Araujo has been a leading star in his team so far, leading the scorers list all season long.
He wrote on algebra, logic, foundations of mathematics, philosophy of science, physics, metaphysics, and education.
She spent much of her childhood in foster homes. Monroe began a career as a model which led to a film contract in 1946.
Pressiat is a commune.
Construction was designed to enlarge and modernize the structures.
In most markets, most affiliates use the network's current Saturday morning schedule, though some, such as Atlanta's WUPA-TV air the block on Sundays instead due to existing Saturday programming (most being former UPN affiliates which traditionally used Saturdays for other programming due to UPN's lack of a children's block on that morning ).
The roller coaster (some people say the simple form coaster) is a kind of amusement ride.
That record lasted for about 20 minutes.
Opium has caused many wars in China, such as the Opium Wars, because of heavy addiction to the drug.
A couple of factors, which included the stormy seas, caused a boat to capsize in Jupiter Inlet. Two people on the ship drowned, and the others were rescued.
There are many fossilized bones, including the skulls of cave bears and the horned skull of an ibex.
The HSCA found both the original FBI investigation and the Warren Commission Report to have large errors.
The British Rail Class 104 diesel multiple units were built by Birmingham Railway Carriage and Wagon Company from 1957 to 1959.
When all of sticks face round side up, it is mo which means five-step advance. Each teams throw sticks normally in turn, but players get one more chance to throw sticks when they throw yut or mo.
The next match was the No Disqualification match between The Big Show and Floyd Mayweather, Jr..
It is sold in rolls and are put onto a wall using wallpaper paste.
They moved to Richmond. In Richmond, Robert worked as the register of the Confederate Treasury.
Soon after the birth of Leonhard, the Eulers moved from Basel to the town of Riehen, where Euler spent most of his childhood.
Car rentals are subject to many conditions which vary from one brand to another.
Titusville is a city of Florida in the United States.
Approximately 70 of the survivors were taken to Uruguayâ s Artigas Base.
The drainage basin covers 2,940 square kilometers.
It is located in the region of Melanesia in the southwest Pacific.
Around 600 BC, Tsopk became part of the newly emerged ancient Armenian Kingdom of Orontids.
Heat is a form of energy and not a physical substance.
The lymphatic system is a complex network of lymphoid organs, lymph nodes, lymph ducts, lymph tissues, lymph capillaries, and lymph vessels that make and transport lymph fluid from tissue to the circulatory system.
A quartz clock is a clock that uses an electronic oscillator that is regulated by a quartz crystal to keep time.
Hollywood stars like Ava Gardner, Rita Hayworth and Lana Turner tried similar swimwear or beachwear.
Honey badgers have the least specialised diet among mustelids.
TimiÅ oara is a city in the Banat area.
The song'' Baila Esta Cumbia,'' was an instant hit in the U.S., and later crossed over to Mexico.
It is situated in the Omagh District Council area.
He is mentioned in the Palermo Stone inscriptions among a small number of kings of Lower Egypt
Their preferred habitat is fairly open country, and they eat insects and fruit.
The Texas flag is known as the'' Lone Star Flag''.
I. Every Man Shall obey civil Command ; the Captain shall have one full Share and a half of all Prizes ; the Master, Carpenter, Boatswain and Gunner shall have one Share and quarter.
In the following Eilenburg turned into an impoverished and squandered town.
He went on to win the bronze medal.
This kind of concerto was called a concerto grosso.
Its territory was ceded to Turkey by the Soviet Union in the Treaty of Kars.
The Planck units are physical units of measurement.
Kingdom Hearts : Chain of Memories is the second game in the Kingdom Hearts series, and was released in Japan on November 11, 2004 and in North America on December 7, 2004. It was made for the Game Boy Advance.
Hurricane Daniel for a short time, threatened the U.S. state of Hawaii while weakening.
Empedocles is generally considered the last Greek philosopher to record his ideas in verse.
The failure of a transmission line linking any peripheral node to the central node will result in the isolation of that peripheral node from all others, but the remaining peripheral nodes will be unaffected.
However, all versions of the lamrim are elaborations of AtiÅ a's 11th Century root text A Lamp for the Path to Enlightenment.
It is the eighth book in the Redwall series.
2004 (MMIV) was a leap year starting on Thursday of the Gregorian calendar.
This license allows distribution and sale of modified and unmodified versions of Linux but requires that all those copies be released under the same license and be accompanied by the complete corresponding source code.
Fabiano Luigi Caruana, (born 30 July 1992 in Miami, Florida ), is a chess Grandmaster. He has dual citizenship of Italy and the United States.
Toshihiro Uchida (born 12 August 1972) is a former Japanese football player.
It was a typical representative of the Gorgonopsia, the dominant predators of their day, which in the largest forms grew to over four meters long.
A deadweight anchors is a heavy weight. It can be used when the bottom is too hard for other types of anchors.
Most sources restrict the term Mersenne number to where n is prime, as all Mersenne primes must be of this form as seen below.
The last film featured his most successful character, Virgil Tibbs, a Philadelphia, Pennsylvania detective.
The inaugural Cricket World Cup was hosted in 1975 by England, the only nation able to put forward the resources to stage an event of such magnitude at that time.
These towns do not have lone school boards, but instead have one central board governing the entire district.
The above equation makes use of information on the composition of parent and daughter isotopes at the time the material solidified.
The Alps are popular both in summer and in winter. The Alps as a place for sightseeing and sports.
'' Evolution consists mainly of changes in the frequencies of alleles between one generation and another''.
It also resulted in a slow coming down against Thai Ultraman fans, who were assumed to be outright Chaiyo supporters.
Most web browsers allow users to choose whether to accept cookies. If the user does not allow cookies, some websites will become unusable.
Other cities on the gulf coast include GonaÃ ves, Saint-Marc, MiragoÃ cents ne, and JÃ rÃ mie.
set changed over the years.
It is easy to think Tertullian and Hippolytus misrepresented the opinions of their opponents.
There were plans for further expansion at Maine Road to take the capacity to 45,000 all-seated, but these were abandoned in favor of a move to the City of Manchester Stadium that was being constructed for the Commonwealth Games in 2002.
Thus one could characterise Poland-Lithuania in its final period (mid-18th century ), prior to the partitions as already not a completely sovereign state : it could be seen almost as a vassal, or in modern terms, a Russian satellite state, with Russian tsars effectively choosing Polish kings.
Robert Jordan (October 17, 1948 - September 16, 2007) was the pen or writing name of the American fantasy author James Oliver Rigney Jr..
Of the species that lived in the Eocene epoch, approximately one in ten genera survive to the present.
Cesena's industry centers on agriculture, handicrafts, and tourism.
Below is a timeline of the 2006 Atlantic hurricane season, listing all the storm formations, strengthening, weakening, landfalls, extratropical transitions, as well as dissipation.
It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France.
Hurricane Ivan weakened a little bit before it came close to Jamaica on September 10.
As of 2000, the population was 130,802.
He is a UEFA class 2 referee as of January 2009.
The Football Federation of Armenia (FFA) is the governing body of football in Armenia.
All of these traits convinced Dart that the Taung baby was a bipedal human ancestor, a transitional form between apes and humans.
All of Armenia is in Transcaucasia ; the majority of Georgia and Azerbaijan, including the exclave of NaxÃ ivan, fall within this area.
However, on April 6 2007, the project development team announced the results of their talks with AOL. This included some name changes : gaim became Pidgin, libgaim became libpurple, and gaim-text became finch.
Nidwalden sends only one deputy to the Swiss Council of States.
Martina Hingis (born September 30, 1980 in KoÅ ice, Slovakia, then Czechoslovakia) is a retired Swiss professional tennis player who spent a total of 209 weeks as World No. 1.
In areas which were previously under Persian or Byzantine rule, the Caliphs lowered taxes, provided greater local autonomy, greater religious freedom for Jews, indigenous Christians, and brought peace to peoples that were demoralized and disaffected by the casualties and heavy taxation that resulted from the years of Byzantine-Persian warfare.
This shows how the Ford Mondeo has changed each generation.
She has not said whether she will be reprising the role again, although on Doctor Who Confidential she said that she thinks'' It's never really the end for the Doctor and Rose'' but it probably was'' for the foreseeable future''.
She was born in GÃ vle, Sweden, and grew up in Stockholm.
He later moved to the San Francisco Examiner.
In late 2008, Media Markt left the main shopping complex.
Fogolin was born in Chicago while his father, Lee Fogolin Sr., was a member of the Chicago Blackhawks.
In November 2009 her late night talk show The Wanda Sykes Show premiered. Sykes was born March 7th, 1964.
Vaux-sur-S Ã'' re is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Luxembourg.
Before this the child's parents have the responsibility that the child follows Jewish law and tradition and, after this age, children have their own responsibility for Jewish ritual law, tradition, and ethics and have the right to take part in all areas of Jewish community life.
The most recognizable part of Sipunculan worms is their mouth, which is surrounded by a mass of 18 â'' 24 ciliated tentacles, all of which may be inverted into the body.
Masks were also used to collect data on racial differences.
EdÃ lson JosÃ da Silva (born 8 December 1978) is a Brazilian football player.
The white bass or sand bass (Morone chrysops) is a freshwater fish of the temperate bass family Moronidae.
Kane hit Masters with a big boot, then chokeslammed Carlito to get the victory and to retain the World Tag Team Championship.
The city of Geneva is divided into 8'' quartiers'' or districts, often made up of several conglomerated neighborhoods.
Selenium is made by oxidizing selenide ores to selenium dioxide. The selenium dioxide is dissolved in acidic water to make selenous acid, which is reacted with sulfur dioxide to make selenium as an element.
Newton metre is the unit of moment in the SI system.
Sometimes, it is not easy or even possible to get the permanently planned revision made in a single edit.
Their numbers were augmented by barbarian foederati who were permitted to settle within the imperial boundaries.
Romaine or cos lettuce (Lactuca sativa L. var.
During the time of the USSR, thousands of Young Pioneer camps and Young Pioneer Palaces were built. These could only be used by Young Pioneers.
The Muppets are currently owned by The Walt Disney Company.
The Bavaria Party (BP) is a political party in the state of Bavaria of southern Germany.
Figaro asks Rosina to write a short note to Lindoro.
Applied mechanics, also known as theoretical and applied mechanics, is a branch of the physical sciences and the practical application of mechanics.
He is strongly against same-sex marriage, euthanasia and abortion.
Caulfield is best known as the location of Caulfield Racecourse and the Caulfield campus of Monash University.
But in 1930, she died.
This genus is even rarer than other small theropods, although it was one of the first small theropods described.
In Vietnamese, chopsticks are called'' Ä' Å a,'' also from ç.
Coldplay have been an active supporter of various social and political causes, such as Oxfam's Make Trade Fair campaign and Amnesty International.
Determining the precise end of the Republic is a task of dispute by modern historians ; Roman citizens of the time did not recognize that the Republic had ceased to exist.
Although it existed as an unincorporated village since before 1860, the city was officially incorporated in 2000.
1995 L. Sprague de Camp, lifetime achievement 1997 Robert N. Sobel : For Want of a Nail 1999 Randall Garrett : The Lord Darcy Series
The Boy Scouts of America (BSA) made Burnham an Honorary Scout in 1927, and was awarded by the Boy Scouts of America the Silver Buffalo Award, in 1936.
In 1662, at the age of 39, Koxinga died of malaria. Some people said that he died in a sudden fit of craziness when he heard about the death of his father under the Qing.
In September 2001, he went to Wolverhampton Wanderers (Wolves) on a three-month loan, scoring two goals in his first two games.
The adult American Robin is eaten by hawks, cats, and larger snakes. When feeding together in flocks, American Robins will watch each other for signs of predators.
Today is,,, and the current time is (UTC\/GMT ).
Minardi was an automobile racing team and constructor. It was founded in 1979 by Giancarlo Minardi.
'' I Married Marge'' is the twelfth episode of the The Simpsons third season.
Because humans usually have three kinds of cones, with different photopsins, which have different response curves, and thus respond to variation in color in different ways, they have trichromatic vision.
Omar became a weak Category 4 early that morning.
By the early 1950s, Rabat SalÃ Air Base was a U.S. Air Force based hosting the 17th Air Force and the 5th Air Division. These divisions oversaw forward basing for Strategic Air Command (SAC) B-47 Stratojet aircraft in the country.
Drakesville is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Lena Meyer-Landrut (born 23 May 1991) is a German singer.
The incarnation is the belief that Jesus, who is the non-created second person of the triune God ; took on a human body and everything that is human and became both man and God.
While critics often praised The West Wing for its writing, others faulted the show as unrealistically optimistic.
The hurricane was'' quite severe'', destroying all but six houses on Galveston Island.
Eine kleine Nachtmusik is the name given to the Serenade No. 13 for strings in G major, K 525 by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart.
The British Rail Class 202 (or 6L) diesel-electric multiple units were built from 1957-58 at Eastleigh and Ashford Works.
Justine was killed.
Bucharest became the capital again when Imperial Germany was defeated.
So Yogi and Boo Boo must team up with their archenemy, Ranger Smith, to save the park in a week.
To use, first click the warn tab.
Note that market capitalization is a market estimate of a company's value.
After BahÃ' u'll Ã h died, Shoghi Effendi's grandfather,' Abdu' l-Bah Ã lead the BahÃ' Ã s.' Abdu' l-Bah Ã died, he left a'' will and testament'' that said that Shoghi Effendi was the'' Guardian'', and that his job was to guard and lead the BahÃ' Ã Faith.' Abdu' l-Bah Ã's will said that only Shoghi Effendi could interpret' Abdu' l-Bah Ã's or BahÃ' u'll Ã h's books and letters.
Production of the DC-10 ended in December 1988 with 386 delivered to airlines and 60 to the U.S. Air Force as air-to-air refueling tankers, designated the KC-10 Extender.
X-ray crystallography became a widely used tool and helped to find structures of many biological molecules such as DNA.
The language field should display the primary language in which the song was performed at the ESC, adjective form in English starting with a capital letter (no Wikilinks or special signs please, this will link directly to the article on the language) This field only supports ONE language at a time - for songs with lyrics in more languages use the field below!
LabÃ gude is a town and commune in the ArdÃ che dÃ partement, in the southern part of France.
PailharÃ s is a commune in the ArdÃ che dÃ partement in southern France.
Gimbutas says the gorgoneia are part of of the Mother Goddess cult linked to'' dynamic life energy''.
The tallest are about 12 metres (36 ft) high, and the solidified lava in the cliffs is 28 metres thick in places.
Samuel Peralta'' Sammy'' Sosa (born November 12, 1968 in San Pedro de MacorÃ s, Dominican Republic) is a retired Dominican baseball player.
In 1764 he formed a partnership with Adam Babcock, another young New Haven merchant.
He was part of several controversies with the Baptist Union of Great Britain, and later had to leave that denomination.
The British Rail Class 11 is diesel shunting locomotive built from April 1945 to December 1952. They are based on a similar earlier batch built by the London, Midland and Scottish Railway (LMS) between 1939 and 1942.
Robert Nozick (November 16, 1938 â'' January 23, 2002) was an American political philosopher.
Johnstone started his National Hockey League career in 1975 â'' 76, scoring 3 points in 10 games.
In 1977, a recording of'' Liu Shui'' (Flowing Water, as performed by Guan Pinghu, one of the best qin players of the 20th century) was chosen to be included in the Voyager Golden Record, a gold-plated LP recording containing music from around the world, which was sent into outer space by NASA on the Voyager 1 and Voyager 2 spacecrafts.
People threw coins, gold, jewelry, and precious gifts into the river, thanking Anuket for the life-giving water.
With a population of 1,350,000, the capital is Murcia, with 410,000 people. Other important cities are Cartagena, Lorca, Molina de Segura, and Cieza.
Phylogenies have two components, branching order (showing group relationships) and branch length (showing amount of evolution ).
Mary Travers died on September 16, 2009, after chemotherapy treatments for leukemia.
The railway lines, originally built to transport sugar cane to the central sugar factory in Basseterre, are now used to transport tourists via the'' St. Kitts Scenic Railway Train'' which currently runs from Sandy Point to Basseterre, traveling East.
Francis Anthony Aylmer Maude (born July 4, 1953) is an English politician and the current Minister for the Cabinet Office and Paymaster General. He is the Member of Parliament for the Horsham constituency in the United Kingdom.
Beryl also produced a storm surge of 0.9 feet on Nantucket.
The university built up its reputation for research in 1920 by rebuilding the College of Engineering and making a group of 100 industrialists, or businessmen, to help guide research.
His translation of Anacreon from Ancient Greek was published in Danica in 1853.
In each hut are two fireplaces, about which a rigid etiquette prevails.
It consists of four provinces -- Bohol, Cebu, Negros Oriental, and Siquijor -- and the highly urbanized cities of Cebu City, Lapu-Lapu City, and Mandaue City.
For example, a tree in the Jungle zone will be put in a different place each time a new game is begun, but the player character will still start in the same place as always.
The Athenian wings quickly routed the inferior Persian levies on the flanks, before turning inwards to surround the Persian center, which had been more successful against the thin Greek center.
Cologne is also famous for Eau de Cologne (KÃ lnisch Wasser ).
Hurricane Darby and Tropical Storm Agatha brought rains and more destruction to Mexico, without making landfall.
It has an all-seated capacity of 10,673.
During the 19th century Upper and Lower NyÃ k were differentiated, even after 1861, when the Southem Railway was built.
Steven Swann Jones said that fairy tales were different from other sorts of folktales because of magic.
16 May 2005 saw the end of the weather symbols on television after 29 years and 9 months on air. They were replaced by a controversial format as the forecast underwent another redesign, with the flat map replaced by a 3D globe, and weather conditions shown by colored areas.
Horror hardcore is a term coined by Dwid Hellion that refers to a hybrid of horror punk and hardcore punk.
They are less likely to eat fabric containing artificial fibers.
All citizens of the Commonwealth realms are eligible for appointment to the Order of Merit.
In April 1945, as Yugoslav Partisans units approached the camp, the UstaÅ e camp supervisors attempted to erase traces of the atrocities by working the death camp at full capacity.
The many buildings constructed after the Spanish conquest have Spanish influence with a mix of Inca architecture. The Spanish made a new city on the foundations of the old Inca city, replacing Incan temples with churches and palaces for the Spanish.
Blackpool Transport Services (BTS) is a bus and tram operator running within the boroughs of Blackpool and Fylde and into the surrounding area. This includes Fleetwood, Lytham St Annes, Poulton le Fylde and Kirkham.
The Jamaat were against Bangladesh becoming independent from Pakistan as they thought it was against Islam.
Smith began started her own act around 1913, at Atlanta's'' 81'' Theatre.
It is the first time China had national mourning days for something other than the death of a state leader. Many people say it the biggest display of mourning since the death of Mao.
You may not sublicense the Work.
It was the largest battle before World War I. It involved about 600,000 soldiers.
She explains that if she tells and Michael gets in trouble, she will be the first one he will suspect.
At the end of the Bab Sharqi street, one reaches the House of Ananias, an underground chapel that was the cellar of Ananias's house.
Small amounts of Czechs also live in Slovakia, Austria, U.S., Brazil, Argentina, Canada, Germany, Russia and other countries.
Kakadu National Park is a major tourist attraction in Australiaâ s north with more than 200,000 vistors a year.
You may not offer or impose any terms on the Work that restrict the terms of this License or the ability of the recipient of the Work to exercise the rights granted to that recipient under the terms of the License.
The name was changed again to Distrito de Santo Domingo but the 1955 constitution changed it back to Distrito Nacional.
Such clauses were held by the United States Supreme Court to be unenforceable in the 1961 case of Torcaso v. Watkins, when the court ruled unanimously that such clauses constituted a religious test incompatible with First and Fourteenth Amendment protections.
Champs is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.
The longest highway of the country, the North-South Expressway, extends over 800 kilometres (497 mi) between the Thai border and Singapore.
The three types of salivary glands are serous mixed and mucous glands.
In November 2007, PMMP released their fourth album Puuhevonen which has songs for children.
Most of the people who live in Marske do not work in the village, but work in the nearby factory or in Middlesbrough or Redcar. Marske has a decent range of local shops.
Agriculture in the District Jhelum depends mainly on rainfall.
The circular scale is divided into four quadrants.
Fortel-en-Artois is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.
This category contains an alphabetical list of musicians who were members of the Chapel Royal.
Pettistree is a village and civil parish in Suffolk, England.
Charles Darwin used the example of artificial selection to introduce his idea of natural selection. Artificial selection may be contrasted with the process of natural selection.
At the University of Alabama, the Paul W. Bryant Museum, Paul W. Bryant Drive and Bryant-Denny Stadium are all named in his honor.
Mahmoud Abbas (Arabic : Ù Ù Ø Ø Ø Ø Ø â) (born March 26, 1935 ), also known by the Kunya Abu Mazen (Ø Ø Ù Ù
Modular arithmetic (sometimes also called Modulo arithmetic) is a way of arithmetic calculation with integers. Numbers wrap around once they reach a certain value (called modulus ).
Because nuclear weapons are usually considered the most important of state secrets, all nations with nuclear weapons have strict rules against sharing information about how nuclear weapons are designed, where they are kept, and other things about them.
Monitor lizards, also known as biawak or goannas, genus Varanus, are members of the family Varanidae.
Their languages and culture are respected by the provision of education, clubs, etc. in their respective languages.
It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France.
It found that people who use chopsticks regularly have a slightly higher risk of getting arthritis in the hand. With this, cartilage gets worn off, which causes pain in the joints of the hand.
Jon Stevens Corzine (born January 1, 1947) is an American politician. He was the 54th Governor of the state of New Jersey.
The series is produced by the Japanese animation house Madhouse LTD.
His first as a member of the 1913 â'' 14 Toronto Blueshirts, his second as a member of the 1917 â'' 18 Blueshirts and his third as a member of the 1921 â'' 22 Toronto St. Pats (all predecessor clubs of the Toronto Maple Leafs ).
It is important that they perform well because a talent scout from the Grand Ole Opry will be at the fair.
Take Me Out to the Ball Game is a song about baseball. The words were written by Jack Norworth in 1908 and the music was made by Albert Von Tilzer, though neither of them had ever been to a baseball game before.
Kazuya Maekawa (born 22 March 1968) is a former Japanese football player.
In the state Andhra Pradesh, land near the airport at Hyderabad were set aside.
The city received a federal loan and debt restructuring.
Made in Heaven is Queen's fifteenth studio album, released in November 1995.
Sand Vine (Cynanchum laeve) is a species of plant.
-- Place interwiki and category links on the documentation subpage, please.
Team Lotus was the motorsport sister company of English sports car manufacturer Lotus Cars.
replace (\/ (t) \* (t) \* (( s) \* ?
Marco Marchionni (born 22 July 1980) is an Italian football player. He plays for Fiorentina and Italy national team.
However, merging an article which has potential to be successful as a standalone article in the long-run can constrain encyclopedia expansion, cause articles to specialise in one subject area, and possibly result in articles getting too long.
Features of the new building included space for a video studio, a redesigned Archives and Special Collections, a Library Instruction Room, group study rooms, and a multi-functional space, the Pritchard Room.
She grew up in the company of her sisters at the ChÃ cents teau de Blois.
Most of the people worked in farming, dairy farming, or tanning.
All of the Green Lanterns since then have worn rings that were not magic, but advanced technology. The Guardians of the Universe created the power rings and granted them to worthy candidates throughout the galaxy.
Bailiffs and Dames Grand Cross and, prior to 1926, Knights of Justice formerly wore black silk robes with a lining of the same material and color ; these members now wear the same mantle as Commanders, Officers, and Esquires, which are made of black merino wool faced with black silk.
Cornell said,'' I think we kinda overdid it!
Haji Sawan Khan Gopang is a Union Council of Hyderabad Taluka (rural) in the Sindh province of Pakistan.
It came close to present-day Daytona Beach on August 15, but recurved northeastward before landfall, although land was not spared from effects.
He has held the titles of General Secretary of the Communist Party of China since 2002, President of the People's Republic of China since 2003, and Chairman of the Central Military Commission since 2004, succeeding Jiang Zemin as the top leader of of the People's Republic of China.
Basing his figures on the cooling rate of iron tested at his Laboratory le Petit Fontenet at Montbard, he calculated that the age of the earth was 75,000 years.
Saint-Andr Ã - sur-Vieux-Jonc is a commune.
In species where the hectocotylus is missing, the penis is long and able to extend beyond the mantle cavity and transfers the spermatophores directly to the female.
However as jerseys are usually double digit (00-99 ), that leaves only 100 possible numbersâ'' if the rules of the sport allow it.
È È á'' á'' á á á á 3 Ø Ú eÄ'' Ä -- Ã Ã Ã'' á 1\/2 Ä Ä É á'' á á'' á) W \* (Ã Ã Ã EÄ Ä Ä'' Ä -- á á á 3\/4 á'' á'' á''
In 1877 the company officially changed the name for'' Vacheron & Constantin, Fabricants, Geneve''.
It is based in Ketchikan, Alaska.
It is part of the WWE SmackDown vs. Raw video game series.
It was also shown on a 1986 Canadian $ 2 note, but it is no longer on the bill.
The Fender Stratocaster, also called a Strat, is a type of solidbody electric guitar. The Stratocaster was designed by Leo Fender, Freddie Tavares, and George Fullerton in 1954, and is made by the Fender Musical Instruments Corporation.
It starts with a pleasant euphoria. This feeling is quickly replaced with increasing confusion, hallucinations and eventually total psychosis.
'' I Want You (She's So Heavy )'' is a song by The Beatles from their album Abbey Road.
According to the lawsuit, the band'' repudiated'' a 1999 contract in July.
Non-orthodox Jewish women tend to adopt the fashions of the non-Jewish society in which they live.
With both men on the floor, HBK recovered with a kip-up and landed a high-flying elbow drop, getting in position to taunt for his finisher.
When voltage is applied to the motor, it makes a strong magnetic field inside the motor. This produces a high amount of torque, so it is good for starting a train.
KÅ chi Prefecture makes up the southwestern part of the island of Shikoku. It faces the Pacific Ocean.
Founded in Durban in July 2002, the AU was formed as a replacement to the Organization of African Unity (OAU) and the African Economic Community (AEC ).
Hurricane Carla was one of two Category 5 tropical cyclones.
She worked much on solar spectroscopy, studying the spectral lines of the Sun and identifying the chemical elements in the Sun.
This is called neuropathic pain.
Niederraunau (Elevation 518 m) is in the valley of the little river Kammel two kilometres south of Krumbach in the natural region Lower Iller-Lech Gravel Plateau.
Paintings are trafficked in N.Y., Chicago, London, and Paris.
This new building was the famous Domed Reading Room, which opened in 1913, designed by Norman G. Peebles.
Strangely, at this point a local road runs between the two carriageways without a link to the motorway.
This century was perhaps one of the most difficult periods for the 300 inhabitants of Viareggio ; the area was really bad, for the life, often people died for malaria, but however slowly Viareggio changed its appearance ; two small churches and as many factories were built, followed by a number of small shops.
The son of a duke inherits the duchy when the duke dies.
It has its own training center called the DEA Academy on the United States Marine Corps base at Quantico, Virginia with the FBI Academy.
'' Sakitama'' has an ancient history and is mentioned in the famous 8th century poetry anthology Man' yÅ shÅ''.
In 2008, Manuel Pino received the Nuclear-Free Future Award.
The city is the county seat of Talladega County.
Minor vocal additions were implemented such as the announcement of the player's score at notable landmarks (each 100 points scored ).
Paterson wrote the words while staying at the Dagworth Homestead, farm in Queensland.
Sexual abuse (also called molestation) is when one person forces another person to unwillingly commit any sexual act.
Dener de Souza Pacheco (August 11, 1984 - March 6, 2010 ), was a Brazilian actor and model.
Gry Forssell (February 16,1973 in VÃ xjÃ, Sweden) is a television presenter on TV4.
Biotic sources would include insects which might bore into the tree, deer which might rub bark off the trunk, or fungi, which might attach themselves to the tree.
When deciding on the type to use for a talkpage messagebox, please consider the following guidelines :
William Caxton, who in 1477 started a printing company in England produced the first printed poster.
Data is a main character in the Star Trek series Star Trek : The Next Generation and in four movies ; Star Trek Generations, Star Trek : First Contact, Star Trek : Insurrection, and Star Trek Nemesis.
Lindsey was eliminated because she had four previous votes against her.
Saint-Philippe-d' Aiguille is a commune. It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.
Most production and journalism courses use media studies content, but academic institutions such as universities often start separate departments.
As a Pennsylvania representative, Clymer was, along with only five others, a signatory of both the Declaration of Independence and the U.S. Constitution.
Only 100 to 200 mm of rain falls on the delta area during an average year, and most of this falls in the winter months.
Copper lets Tod go and leads Chief and Amos Slade to go a different way then to Tod, and Tod tries to escape on a railroad track.
So, in a way, the Adolescents influenced us into saying we can do it too, because look, they're doing it.''
It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France.
Serie B is a football league which is second division in Italy.
Vojvodina is ethnically, culturally and linguistically diverse, with more than 26 different ethnic groups and six official languages.
There were about 24-30 students.
In April 2001, the message was changed to'' Only You Can Prevent Wildfires''.
di is a large German trade union. It is the largest trade union in the world, with 2.6 million members.
Version 3 also came bundled with Internet Mail and News, NetMeeting, and an early version of the Windows Address Book, and was itself included with Windows 95 OSR 2.
He evidently strives to be fair to friends and foes alike, but appears sometimes to fail to see that after all he is much like many others in this respect.
About 80 people live there.
His family migrated to Peshawer in 1965 but has family members remaining in Kukmang Union Council.
As a result of his arrogance and cold attitude towards others, his relationship with the other Gundam Meisters got off a rocky start, but later learns to care for the other Meisters.
Saint-Omer, Calvados is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.
Reports estimated that the massacres in Adana Province resulted in 20,000 to 30,000 deaths.
It was written by lead guitarist, Noel Gallagher.
In 1803 the Duchy of WÃ 1\/4 rzburg became part of Bavaria, in 1938 the city had more than 100,000 inhabitants for the first time.
It is legally part of the borough of Manhattan in New York City.
Alun Michael born August 22, 1943, is a Welsh politician.
In 1967 the borough of Hartlepool was removed from the administrative county when it merged with West Hartlepool to form a new county borough of Hartlepool, and in 1968 Billingham was included within the boundaries of the county borough of Teesside, associated with the North Riding.
In North America, for example, marine deposits are limited to a few exposures in the west.
In 1539, he married Eleonora di Toledo (1522 -- 1562 ).
Ross was militant of the National Party of Chile.
Strapping Young Lad is a Metal band from Vancouver, Canada.
Some radiation can go through the human body and other objects. Usually when people use the term radiation, they are talking specifically about potentially harmful types of ionizing radiation.
Soviet people tried to keep him away from any flights, being worried of losing their hero in an accident.
This is an article about vascular tissue in plants.
The straw can also be used for making corn dollies.
It does not matter if you put the config before or after the includes.
'' Hope''' is a 1994 alternative rock song by the Canadian alternative rock band Our Lady Peace and is the third single from their debut studio album Naveed, which was released in 1994.
Summer Glau (born July 24, 1981 in San Antonio, Texas) is an American dancer and actress. She is best known for playing as River Tam in the science fiction television series Firefly and movie Serenity.
Although the length of this section may make it look complicated, selecting your own modules (sets of automatically-made changes) is actually pretty easy.
This is the only existing engraving signed with his full name.
27.00 % of all households were made up of people living alone and 12.80 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.
Brett Gurewitz is a'' provisional deist.''
Gaedel gained immortality in the second game of a doubleheader on Sunday, August 19, 1951.
2021 (MMXXI) will be a common year starting on Friday of the Gregorian calendar.
David Howell Evans (born 8 August 1961 in London, England ), more widely known as The Edge, is an English-born musician. He is known best as the guitarist, keyboardist, and backing vocalist for the Irish rock band U2.
Double bass players in jazz bands or rock bands often connect their double bass to an electronic amplifier and a loudspeaker, to make a louder, stronger sound. This makes it easier for the double bass player, the other musicians, and the audience to hear the double bass's musical notes.
He represented this credo by the symbol of a Q with an arrow through it, an example of which he wore around his neck and used as part of his signature in the last 15 years of his life.
Depending on resource availability, the larvae pass through four instars over 10 â'' 14 days, after which pupation occurs.
She was a lonely girl around New York, just kept herself to herself, for the gig.''
About 12.90 % of families and 17.50 % of the population were below the poverty line, including 23.70 % of those under age 18 and 17.30 % of those age 65 or over.
Oats have many uses in food. Most of the time they are rolled or crushed into oatmeal, or ground into oat flour.
When he frees any piece from jail, the pieces placed on his HOME are captured, that is, sent to its jail, losing all their advances.
Additionally, the large transistor counts and high operating frequencies needed for the more advanced ILP techniques required power dissipation levels that could no longer be cheaply cooled.
The usual age of retirement is 75. They are appointed for life, although the sovereign may remove them.
FC Seoul is a professional football club based in Seoul, South Korea.
A logarithmic spiral, equiangular spiral or growth spiral is a special kind of spiral curve which often appears in nature.
In 1907, he moved to the warmer climate of'' Les Collettes,'' a farm at Cagnes-sur-Mer, close to the Mediterranean coast.
It is 139 cm (55 in) long, it has a 235 cm (7.8 ft) wingspan and weights 5.5 kg (12 lbs ).
In the event of a cylinder breach, an uncontrolled fall of the elevator might result.
The first soundtrack, Moulin Rouge!
In the Middle Ages in the Western Church there were written tables to show that date of Easter for a certain number of years or even centuries.
Henriette struck hardest in the resort town of Acapulco.
On 17 March 1979, Walter Legge had a serious heart attack.
She wished to study all of Austen's works, style, and techniques together.
MacPherson was then appointed as player -- manager on 18 December 2003 after the resignation of John Coughlin.
Some people may have a gender identity that is different from their sex.
Fifty-three 9-car units were built for Virgin Trains from 2001 to 2004.
Oliver Postgate (born Hendon, Middlesex, England, 12 April 1925 died Broadstairs, Kent, 8 December 2008) was an English animator, puppeteer and writer.
: l First served by District line -- service transferred to Piccadilly line in 1964.
Oudenburg is a municipality located in the Belgian province of West Flanders.
The Volkswagen Touareg is a SUV produced by Volkswagen sine 2002.
She went on to work with directors such as Luchino Visconti in Boccacio (1961 ), Orson Welles in The Trial (1962 ), and Otto Preminger in The Cardinal (1963 ).
Every processor or processor family has its own machine code instruction set.
It is the second largest city in the province (Andong is the first largest city ). It is 1324 k large, with 269,343 people living in the city, according to the 2008 census.
An effective way to actually erase many old revisions is to rename an old article, by creating the new name as a new article, then copy (not move) the article to become a brand-new entry in article-space.
: : (... and 24 similar, with Dcomma, D \/, Doutput only... )
Javon Ringer (born February 2, 1987, Dayton, Ohio) is an American football running back for the Tennessee Titans of the National Football League (NFL ).
Apple was started in 1976 by Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniak.
An extra 500,000 people enter the city during a weekday.
Alchevsk is a town in the Luhansk Oblast of south-eastern Ukraine.
The song provided the group with their first US chart-topper in July 1999, and also reached the UK Top 10.
This is unlike public law which applies to everyone within its jurisdiction.
Its orbit is a bit more eccentric that of Hygiea (15 % versus 12 %) but is different because Hygiea's orbit is much more inclined and takes a bit shorter to complete one orbit.
He worked as a volunteer librarian and was an athlete, actor and playwright. He did two months military training in the Academic Legion because it was compulsory, but he refused to hold or fire a weapon.
Extremely sweet apples with hardly any acid taste are popular in Asia and India.
Pedobear is usually posted as a way to mock users requesting or posting sexualized images of children on 4chan.
Cameron joins up aboard the Russian research ship,'' Akademik Mstislav Keldysh'', with a group of NASA scientists, as well as some Russian marine biologists, to investigate ten hydrothermal vents in both the Atlantic and Pacific.
A compromise was made that banned the export of Indian hemp to countries that have banned its use. Importing countries were made to issue certificates approving the import and stating that the shipment was required'' exclusively for medical or scientific purposes.''
He has played for Brazil national team.
On 8 July, the Berlin Zoo agreed to pay â 430,000 ($ 599,721) to keep Knut in Berlin.
Sagwa's popularity with children prompted an educational animated series of the same name on PBS Kids.
Martin has said,'' The song had the word' stars' and that seemed like a word you should sing in a Neil Young voice.''
In the Euclidean plane, their angles would sum to 450 Â ; i.e., a circle and a quarter.
The ancestor of the elephants from 37 million years ago was aquatic and had a similar lifestyle to a hippopotamus.
On the Eastern slopes, the shorter, faster-flowing Jacky Jacky Creek, Olive, Pascoe, Lockhart, Stewart, Jeannie and Endeavour Rivers flow towards the Coral Sea. These provide important freshwater and nutrients to the healthiest section of the Great Barrier Reef.
Snoop Dogg served as the official'' Master of Ceremonies'' for this match.
Bautzen is historical capital of Upper Lusatia, and it is the most important cultural center of the Sorbs, a Slavic minority.
The 1927 bogie goods vans were originally fitted with heavy diagonal wooden cross braces at each end, but these were later replaced with single diagonal angle-iron braces.
In physical geography, a dune is a hill of sand built by eolian processes.
The term country code in many times refers to international dialing codes, the E. 164 country calling codes.
Operations may go'' off the scale ;'' for example, the diagram above shows that the slide rule has not positioned the 7 on the upper scale above any number on the lower scale, so it does not give any answer for 2 Ã -- 7.
Mrs Beeton is described better as the books compiler and editor than as its author, because many of the passages were not in her own words.
Between 1798 and 1803, during the Helvetic Republic, the districts of Bellinzona and Lugano were separate cantons, but in 1803 the two were unified to form the canton of Ticino that joined the Swiss Confederation as a full member in the same year.
Wolfgang Overath (born 29 September, 1943) is a former German football player.
Because a number of meteorites are believed to be Vestian fragments, Vesta is currently one of only five identified Solar system bodies for which we have physical samples, the others being Mars, the Moon, comet Wild 2, and Earth itself.
Prosecution for crimes and misdemeanors that do relate to the Councillors' official capacity requires the assent of the Federal Assembly.
A quiz is a type of game or mind sport when the players (as individuals or in teams) try to answer questions correctly.
Auribeau-sur-Siagne is a commune.
It is the central London railway terminus for suburban First Capital Connect services from Hertford, Welwyn Garden City and Letchworth. Until March 2009 it was also a terminus for trains on the Thameslink line, also run by First Capital Connect.
The term'' bell peppers'' is rarely used, usually in reference to C. annuum and other varieties which look like a'' capsicum'' or bell but are fairly hot.
It is the county seat of Albany County.
To the south of Kosovo is the country Republic of Macedonia. To the west of Kosovo are the countries Albania and Montenegro.
There are a number of shelters in this large outcrop linked by paths and stairways.
Stade Brestois 29 is a football club which plays in France.
The season with the most Category 5 hurricanes was in 2005, which had four.
The term digitalis is also used for preparations containing cardiac glycosides, particularly digoxin, extracted from plants of this genus.
Major northâ'' south streets crossing Unter den Linden are FriedrichstraÃ e and Wilhelmstrasse.
The current format features 14 teams.
On 29 September 2002, Lila Grace, her daughter with Dazed & Confused editor Jefferson Hack, was born.
The Habsburgs were defeated at Calven Gorge and Dornach, helping the Swiss confederation and the allied leagues of the canton of Grisons to be recognized.
è -- æ # å -- å å æ å è å 3\/4 æ æ å ç å ). It is usually shortened to Myeongseong Hwanghu (Hangul : ë
On May 18, a second earthquake of magnitude 5.1 made a huge part of the north face of the volcano collapse.
In the semis the Number one seeds advanced to the final where after a shock they faced Azerenka and Kilrenko.
Like other gliding mammals, the Feathertail Glider has a skin membrane between the fore and hind legs ; thicker than that of the other marsupials like the Sugar Glider, but smaller in proportion, extending only between the elbows and knees.
Wildenfels is a town in the rural District Zwickau, Saxony, Germany.
The Adrar des Ifoghas is a sandstone high area in the Kidal Region of Mali. Is has an area of about 250,000 kmÂ.
The rotunda was dedicated at the opening of Citi Field on April 16, 2009.
The town of Kempston has now grown to be part of Bedford.
This book helped make popular the idea that Vikings were the first Europeans in the New World.
In 1853 the decision to build a state library was the idea of the Lieutenant-Governor Charles La Trobe and Sir Redmond Barry.
His technique combined the movement of his body, over which he had control, the viscous flow of paint, the force of gravity, and the absorption of paint into the canvas.
The tehsil is administratively subdivided into 37 Union Councils..
The hurricane veered to west and passed south of the islands.
As the only cars used on the island are by residents, the network of more than 40 km of gravel roads and tracks are quiet and ideal for cycling.
Brimsdown railway station is in the London Borough of Enfield in north east London.
Ludiano is a municipality of the district Blenio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
In Islamic countries the graphic designs can be found in their holy book Quran.
Stavelot (city) 70.
It was also known as the Federal Army, the U.S. Army, the Northern Army, or the National Army.
Wynnewood is a city of Oklahoma in the United States.
+2 compounds are found in some tellurium halides, like tellurium (II) chloride and tellurium (II) bromide.
Same dog - totally different behavior.
Sveccha means one's own wish or free will.
Tucumcari is a city in the U.S. state of New Mexico.
It was established in 1898, when the United States obtained control of Cuba from Spain at the end of the Spanish-American War, following the 1898 invasion of GuantÃ namo Bay.
The arrondissement of Caen is an arrondissement of France, located in the department of Calvados, in a region called Basse-Normandie.
Its county seat is Pawhuska.
Barnas is a town and commune of the ArdÃ che dÃ partement, in the southern part of France.
Give wikilinked and non-wikilinked names, as well as any possible abbreviations (eg.
He was made as a partner for Wario in Mario Tennis and other Mario sports games and has no real story behind him.
; Ben Shepherd Active : 1990 â'' 1997 Instruments : bass Release contributions : all Soundgarden releases from Badmotorfinger (1991) to A-Sides (1997) Ben Shepherd first auditioned for the role of bassist in Soundgarden in 1989, immediately after Hiro Yamamoto left, but was turned down because he could not play the songs well enough.
He was born in Turin to Victor Amadeus I, Duke of Savoy and Christine Marie of France.
According to Galen, Ptolemy III requested permission from the Athenians to borrow the original scripts of Aeschylus, Sophocles and Euripides, for which the Athenians demanded the enormous amount of fifteen talents as guarantee.
In 2008, M. Night Shyamalan, a film director, cast 12-year-old Tae Kwon Do practitioner Noah Ringer as Aang in the film adaptation of the series, The Last Airbender.
Underfloor radiant heating is the most common type of radiant heating used in buildings, but wall and overhead radiant heating systems are also used.
They might also drink a mug of coffee in the morning.
Longchamp-sur-Aujon is a commune of the Aube dÃ partement in the north-central part of France.
Since Xie Jun had already been crowned Women's World Champion, FIDE could not restore the title to Polgar.
Articles may include analytic, synthetic, interpretive, explanatory, or evaluative claims so long as they have been published by a reliable secondary source.
There are plans to repeat the comedy festival in 2010, and there are plans for future events.
The prior trade brought Wendel Clark and a draft pick to the Detroit Red Wings and Goaltender Kevin Hodson and a draft pick to the Tampa bay Lightning.
Bacterial conjugation is the transfer of genetic material between bacterial cells by direct cell-to-cell contact or by a bridge-like connection between two cells.
, Gillard answered,'' No, I do n't Jon, I'm not a religious person... I'm, of course, a great respecter of religious beliefs but they're not my beliefs''.
It was recorded by The Beatles for the 1967 album Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band.
Bronstein's career began as a reporter with KQED-TV in San Francisco.
For example, in geometry a diagonal is any line that goes between the corners of a polygon. So a square has two diagonals, and a five-sided shape has five diagonals.
The less social capital there is, the more social problems there usually are. If there is no social capital, war and revolution often results.
It starred the voices of Mike Lookinland ('' Bobby'' of The Brady Bunch fame ), and actor Dustin Hoffman.
He has moved to the Piquet Sports team for the 2008 season.
He is trained in freestyle wrestling, rugby, American football, sambo, kickboxing, judo, and mixed martial arts.
It is located at around.
Deaf people usually learn sign language with their family. Deaf students can learn sign language at school.
In 1965, Joyce took over the Tim Horton Donut Shop on Ottawa Street North in Hamilton.
Protactinium was first discovered in 1913, when Kasimir Fajans and O. H. GÃ hring encountered short-lived isotope 234m-Pa, with a half-life of about 1.17 minutes, while they were studying the decay chain of 238-U.
He has played for Brazil national team.
Sturtevant made the first genetic map of a chromosome in 1913.
Hurt, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
It also borders the country Bolivia to the southwest.
In this time agriculture and permanent villages developed in the region.
Using this binding mechanism, an antibody can tag a microbe or an infected cell for attack by other parts of the immune system, or can neutralize its target directly.
A. afarensis is similar to the younger Australopithecus africanus.
Innovation is the use of new ideas, processes, goods, services, business models and practices in a more or less commercial way, based on any (new) application of science and\/or technology.
The weft is generally coarser than the warp.
Williams and Toyota changed tyre suppliers to Bridgestone, due to Michelin's desire to supply fewer teams in the championship.
Some parallel Earth Cybermen did retain some memories of their pre-conversion lives, although their emotional response varied
Gene regulation may also serve as a basis for evolutionary change : control of the timing, location, and amount of gene expression can have a profound effect on the development of the organism.
As of 2000, the population was 30,150.
A historian said that'' it was quinine... that gave colonists fresh opportunities to swarm into the Gold Coast, Nigeria and other parts of west Africa''.
The proposal would have removed the Queen from the Constitution and replaced the Governor-General with a President nominated by the Prime Minister, but needing the approval of a two-thirds majority of both Houses of the Parliament.
Takumi Watanabe (born 15 March 1982) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Roasso Kumamoto.
O'Donnell later rejoined Motherwell but died after collapsing on the pitch in a game against Dundee United on December 29, 2007.
Others lakes are Ã tang de MiragoÃ cents ne (25 kmÂ ), of fresh water at 4 km southeast from the city of MiragoÃ cents ne ; and Trou CaÃ man (16.2 kmÂ ), a small lake at 6 km from Ã tang SaumÃ cents tre.
Craon is a commune of 4659 people (1999 ). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.
While traveling Hercules is attacked by a giant named Antaeus and with the help of Deianeira manages to kill him.
Thinner yarns are generally used with smaller knitting needles, and thicker yarns are used with larger knitting needles.
A total of 137 units were built in three main subclasses, replacing many of the earlier first-generation'' Heritage'' DMUs.
He has also provided energy consulting for the International Atomic Energy Agency.
IGN stated that without the anime, the character would not have been as famous, further describing it as'' probably the funniest part of the show''.
OpenOffice.org Math is a tool for creating and editing mathematical formulas, similar to Microsoft Equation Editor and is part of the OpenOffice.org office suite.
Kotli Sattian is a tehsil (subdivision) of Rawalpindi District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.
The town was first called Placeritos de Nacozari but changed its name to Nacozari de GarcÃ a. The town was named after the railroad engineer JesÃ s GarcÃ a, who saved the town from a dynamite explosion on 7 November 1907.
As a result of the anti-tobacco measures implemented in the Wehrmacht, the total tobacco consumption by soldiers decreased between 1939 and 1945.
As part of the new government structure in South Sudan in 2005, Bahr al Jabal was renamed Central Equatoria.
MÃ riken-Wildegg is a municipality of the district of Lenzburg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Rainfall decreases moving towards the Pacific Ocean, but it is still abundant enough to allow the farming of bananas and many other tropical crops near Tapachula.
The angular frequency Ï has units of radians per second.
Newberry is a city of Florida in the United States.
Nicolas Appert (ChÃ cents lons-en-Champagne 1749 - Massy 1841) was a French inventor.
Anuket was the first ancient Egyptian goddess of the Nile river in areas like Elephantine Island, at the start of the Nile's journey through Egypt, and in nearby parts of Nubia.
From there sailed in 1848 many Istrian Italians to fight for Venice against the Austrians with the Legione Istriano-dalmata.
Fundu Moldovei is a commune found in Suceava County, Romania.
The name Qaqortoq is Western Greenlandic, and it means'' white''.
The following campaigns were more or less successful, and the Imperial Exarchate was established in Ravenna for Italy, but imperial influence was often limited.
The Pacific Electric Railroad Bridge or Southern Pacific Railroad Bridge is a historic railroad bridge in Torrance, California USA. It spans across Torrance Boulevard at Bow Street, a short distance west of Western Avenue.
RafaÅ Wiechecki (born September 25, 1978 in PiotrkÃ w Trybunalski) is a Polish politician.
She loved the car so much, she had one designed especially for her.
Apart from the radio, Moyles has also made television appearances. He wrote an autobiography called The Gospel According to Chris Moyles : The Story of One Man and his Mouth.
The Convolvulaceae, known commonly as the bindweed or morning glory family, is a group of about 60 genera and more than 1,650 species of mostly herbaceous vines, but also trees, shrubs and herbs.
Barium is found as barium sulfate (barite) and barium carbonate (witherite) in the ground. Both of these minerals do not dissolve in water.
Until that time the area was called Lambing Flat.
It is part of the GÃ rlitz rural district.
The syllabus finally agreed in 1955 has been the foundation of teaching and competition in the Latin American dances ever since.
It is an essential process in all forms of life.
During the Renaissance, quotations were distinguished by setting in a typeface contrasting with the main body text (often Italic type with roman, or the other way round ).
In the war, the trade interests of the British Empire were opposed to that of the Bourbons (in France and Spain ). The Hohenzollerns (in Prussia) and Habsburgs (Holy Roman Emperors and archdukes in Austria) confronted each other.
Arezzo is about 80 km (50 mi) south-east of Florence. It is at an elevation of 296 m above sea level.
The nave contains the West Window, constructed in 1338.
Net-casting spiders weave only small webs but then manipulate them to trap prey.
Rhea is the daughter of the gods, Uranus and Gaia. She is the mother of Demeter, Hades, Hera, Hestia, Poseidon, and Zeus.
Eisenstein married filmmaker and writer Pera Atasheva (1900 â'' 65) in 1934. They remained married until his death in 1948.
This seems to be a folk etymology without support in the Mandaean texts.
Principi served as Deputy Secretary of Veterans Affairs, VA's second-highest executive position, from March 17, 1989, to September 26, 1992, when he was picked Acting Secretary of Veterans Affairs by President George H. W. Bush.
On December 16, 2008, Trend Micro recommended users switch to rival browsers until an emergency IE patch was released to fix a potential security risk which'' could allow outside users to take control of a person's computer and steal their passwords''.
Masahiro Endo (born 15 August 1970) is a former Japanese football player.
The MÃ nsteds also bred Scottish hunting dogs and kept race horses in the barn.
Peach Girl is a Japanese shÅ jo manga series by Miwa Ueda.
From June 2005 to July 2006, Coldplay went on their Twisted Logic Tour, which included festival dates like Coachella, Isle of Wight Festival, Glastonbury and the Austin City Limits Music Festival.
In 1954, nearly two billion Swiss cigarettes were smuggled into Germany and Italy.
The municipalities are Chandpur Sadar, Shahrasti, Matlab, Changer Char and Hajiganj.
In turning him down for an East India Company posting, George Johnstone wrote,'' Although I am satisfied with the purity of your conduct, the generality do not think so.
If at any time you meet with a prudent Woman, that Man that offers to meddle with her, without her Consent, shall suffer present Death.
Potential, not just current state relates to the debate on whether articles in the mainspace should be deleted, merged, or kept based on their current potential to be an encyclopedic entry, or as they are now.
He considered sugar and white flour to be the cause of obesity and he suggested instead protein-rich ingredients.
Tajiri is currently wrestling on the independent circuit under SMASH.
Michener wrote that he did not know who his parents were or exactly when and where he was born.
Monsters vs. Aliens is a 2009 American computer-animated 3-D film from DreamWorks Animation and Paramount Pictures.
In 1683, after the Battle of Penghu, Zheng Keshuang gave himself up to the Qing. His kingdom was added to the Qing Dynasty as part of the Fujian Province.
At first, MoÅ ovce had two parts : The first one, Machyuch, was in the area of todayâ s StarÃ 1\/2 Rad Street. The village took its today's name from the second part, Terra Moys, which was in the place of the present day Vidrmoch Street.
Marilyn formed on September 13, and grew to hurricane strength soon after.
Monthieux is a commune.
This was the worst accident in Romania in the past fifteen years.
Mount Agung or Gunung Agung is a volcano on Bali.
Increase the box_width parameter, or putting will solve this problem.
A law school (also known as a school of law or college of law) is a school mostly for legal education.
Chris Eagles (born 19 November 1985) is a English football player. He plays for Burnley.
The great albatrosses take over a year to raise a chick.
In the set-theoretical construction of the natural numbers, 2 is identified with the set.
The turbine drives a generator, producing electricity.
The covers of all books show a painting by Paul Jaeg.
From 1778-1784, he represented Woburn in the Massachusetts General Court (the state legislature ).
The idea of people who do cryonics is that better medicine from tomorrow may be used for a cryonics patient, so the person may be alive in a different sense than the law uses today.
The priory was re-established in Norman times as a Benedictine house and continued until its dissolution in 1536 under Henry VIII.
There are two main types of soft solder ; lead solder and lead-free solder.
Later, the Jews were allowed to return but were forced to wear pointed hats.
There were in total 663 or 683 people from 37 nations on board the 6 ships in the civilian flotilla.
The Giza Plateau is also home to many other Ancient Egyptian monuments, including the tomb of Pharaoh Djet of the First dynasty as well as that of Pharaoh Ninetjer of the Second dynasty.
Search below (using the browser menu'' Find'' option) for various details : about Wikipedia system news, about help pages, about surveys or polls, about wiki-technology & servers, about wiki-software updates, about Wikipedia size and users, about Contacting admins, or about MediaWiki markup language.
Interesting buildings in Hungen are the Hungen Castle, the Evangelical Church, and the Hauptbahnhof, (the main railroad station ). Also in Hungen can be seen parts of the town's medieval boundary wall.
Notes are also color coded : $ 5 pink (there are two designs) ; $ 10 blue ; $ 20 red ; $ 50 yellow ; and $ 100 green.
He is the author of several books. Three of these books are on the Armenian theme.
From October 17 until October 19 Jamaica was hit by a hurricane.
The Mexican Fritillary may be seen from mid-June to November in Arizona. It is seen from July to December in Texas.
Two of the species, A. javanica and A. longifolia can be found on the mountain af the Java island in Indonesia.
In the late 1980s, she moved to New York, where she got a job measuring feet at ECCO (a shoe shop ).
This escape made deep impression on his mind, and he regarded himself as proventially set apart, as a'' brand plucked from burning''.
In 2009, a study was done in 232 countries and territories. This study found that 23 % of the global population or 1.57 billion people are Muslims.
Despite his advancing years the prince Leonard is known as a keen-minded'' bush lawyer''.
Within this layer, ultraviolet radiation causes ionization.
When U Nu became the Prime Minister of the newly independent Burma, he asked Thant to join him in Rangoon and appointed him as Director of Broadcasting in 1948.
He is best known for his A Song of Ice and Fire series.
By 2005 he was the second longest-serving foreign minister in German postwar history (after Hans-Dietrich Genscher ).
According to Tchaikovsky's nephew Yuri Lvovich Davydov and his niece Anna Meck-Davydov, he had already written a little ballet called The Lake of the Swans at their home in 1871.
Almost all faculties are located on the main campus South of the city center, except for the Faculty of Medicine which has its own campus near the Elbe river, east of the city center and the Department of Forestry in a town nearby called Tharandt.
33 others, D833-865, were constructed by the North British Locomotive Company and became British Rail Class 43.
Hollerado is an Canadian indie rock band from Manotick, Ontario.
Chavonne is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.
Portugal is a country located in the south-west of Europe on the Iberian Peninsula.
Gondwana started the period in equatorial latitudes and, as the period progressed, drifted toward the South Pole.
As a result the Central Co-operative Parliamentary Representation Committee was formed in 1917, with the objective of putting co-operators into the House of Commons.
A sign of mourning is a cord of banana fiber worn round the neck and waist.
Players for the Montreal Canadiens have won the Vezina 28 times.
By Tudor times, it had a population of around 200, with crops : wheat, oats, barley and even rye.
Real Madrid C.F. has reserve team ; Real Madrid Castilla C.F..
During the sixth season, NBC decided to not show the program for the rest of the year to make room for the sitcom Joey. That series was only shown for a few weeks.
Dante is also called the'' the Father of the Italian language''.
It is definitely not what Lamarck believed (for Lamarck, a change in habits is what changes the animal ).
Unusually, there are four different systems of electrification in use, a record for any station in London.
The Temple of Jupiter, Capitolium, or Temple of the Capitoline Triad was a temple in the Roman city of Pompeii in Italy.
Towards the end of the 18th century the usual tuning became : A, d, a, d', f #', a', d' (see music example.
Units 1616 and 1491 (formed as an eight-car train) were purchased in 1996, and unit 1744 was purchased in 1998.
James William Reiher (born May 18, 1943 in Fiji) is a semi-retired Fijian-American professional wrestler who is best known for wrestling with WWF under the ring name, Jimmy'' Superfly'' Snuka.
This is a list of winners and nominations for the Tony Award for Best Musical, first awarded in 1949.
She has won multiple Emmy awards, Grammy awards and Golden Globe awards.
She also appeared in the Disney Channel Original Movies, Minutemen and Starstruck.
The main tribe of this Union Council is the Karlal.
He is currently the largest shareholder at Disney and a member of Disney's Board of Directors.
Otto Klemperer (born Breslau, 14 May 1885 ; died ZÃ 1\/4 rich, 6 July 1973 was a German-born conductor and composer.
It is one of the most abundant bird species in the world.
'' We're sorry...
The timber is rather rough (stringy) in texture.
It flows into the Shinano River, which is the longest in Japan.
Stetson University is a private, co-educational university in DeLand, Florida.
Hayk (Armenian : Õ Õ Õ Õ, also known as Haik ), in Armenian legend, was the founder of the Armenian nation.
Piquet has two sisters, Kelly and Julia, and four brothers, Geraldo, Laszlo, Pedro and Marco.
The egg white, also known as albumen, is the clear liquid part of the egg.
He also wrote many articles and introductions to story collections. He translated three books from German to English.
Homo sapiens idaltu is an extinct subspecies of Homo sapiens that lived almost 160,000 years ago in Africa during the Pleistocene period.
It includes two public high schools : Flagler Palm Coast and Matanzas High School.
The template takes one parameter,.
Food that we eat has chemical potential energy. Batteries also have chemical potential energy.
The Xbox 360 is the second video game console released by Microsoft, after 2001's Xbox.
This was the' Dowding System', after its chief architect, Air Chief Marshal Sir Hugh Dowding, the leader of RAF Fighter Command.
Stories of her childhood and upbringing portrayed her in a sympathetic light : a cover story for the May 1952 edition of True Experiences magazine showed a smiling and wholesome Monroe beside a caption that read,'' Do I look happy ?
The band has changed tree female voices, first the french Fabienne Gondamin for the recording of At Sixes and Sevens, then Henriette Bordvikwhich the band recorded two albums ('' An Elixir For Existence'' and plus one EP'' Sirenian Shores'', and after Monika Pedersen for recording Nine Destinies and a Downfall in 2007.
The simulation is impassable, unsurpassable, checkmated, without exteriority.
Johan Herman Wessel, Wessel's brother was a famous person in Danish-Norwegian books.
After Bill Kaulitz took part in a children's Star Search in 2003 at age thirteen (which he lost in the quarter-final ), he was discovered by music producer Peter Hoffmann.
This lead to the start of Super Aguri F1, and the engine supply from Honda.
It is continuously being created at oceanic ridges.
Storm surge from Gabrielle was small, at just 3 f above normal at Hatteras Island.
Lucimar da Silva Ferreira, called LÃ cio (born 8 May 1978 in BrasÃ lia, Brazil) is a Brazilian football player and the captain of the Brazil national team, for that he has played 8 matches and made 4 goals. His team is Internazionale Milano.
The other championships were exclusive to the brand the champion was a part of.
The prisoners in Lager Sylt and Lager Norderney were slave labourers forced to build the many military fortifications and installations throughout Alderney.
Thus, the current research is aimed to reduce the amount of noise, mainly when trains exit a tunnel.
A night terror can rarely be recalled by the subject.
There are 9,000 speakers of Gawar-Bati, but only 1,500 are in Pakistan.
Among cities of Poland, BiaÅ ystok is second in terms of population density, eleventh in population, and thirteenth in area.
Internally this meta-template uses HTML markup instead of wiki markup for the table code.
Lucas was born at Morwenstow UK and had two brothers and two sisters.
She sang at her high school talent show, after which an audience member shared some inspiring words with her :'' God has given you this gift.
Granville County is a county located in the U.S. state of North Carolina.
Once Upon A Time in the West (1968) (ita : C' era una volta il West) is a Spaghetti Western movie directed by Sergio Leone with music Ennio Morricone and starring by Claudia Cardinale, Henry Fonda, Charles Bronson and Jason Robards.
\/ \* For template documentation \* \/.
They are so poor and so cold that they burn a drama that Rodolfo has written.
At the 2000 census, the population was 1,978.
Endoplasmic reticulum (ER) is a cellular organelle which is an extension of the nucleus.
A single cable coming out of the 5200 plugged into the switch box and was used for both electricity and the television signal.
It tells about his lifestyle, in 1601 : In 1606 he killed a young man in an argument and fled from Rome with a price on his head.
Mycle Schneider (born 1959 in Cologne) is an energy consultant, and lead author of The World Nuclear Industry Status Reports.
Most of the matter in the Universe may be in a form which can not be detected by present methods. This has been named dark matter.
Freeman Dyson introduced a mathematical model in the 1980s. Stuart Kauffman developed the notion of autocatalytic sets, which was discussed later in that decade.
Dry air wrapping around the southern half of the cyclone dissipated most of the deep convection by early on September 12.
Parkour is an activity in which the goal is to move from one place to another as quickly and efficiently as possible, using the abilities of the human body. Parkour helps to overcome barriers, and is practiced in rural and urban areas.
The length of day and night could be changed (AKA re-programmed) every day in order to account for the changing lengths of day and night throughout the year.
Google Search provides at least 22 special features beyond the original word-search capability.
Patrick John Hillery, known as Paddy Hillery, was born in Spanish Point, Miltown Malbay, County Clare in 1923.
The French king immediately fell in love, and she soon became his mistress.
Some studies show that the World Bank has increased poverty and been bad for the environment, public health and cultural diversity.
John Clayton Mayer (surname pronunciation : \/ Ë meÉ. jÉ r \/) (born October 16, 1977) is an American guitarist and singer-songwriter.
Vampire bats is a subfamily of bats.
Questions about the properties of things are then propositions about predicates, which propositions remain to be evaluated by the investigator.
Mayweather and his accomplices tried to'' walk out'' of the match, but Big Show walked up the ramp and brought Mayweather back in the ring.
He later worked as the gate security guard at the home of Bob Hope.
Angular Recording Corporation is an independent record label that was first based in New Cross, South East London.
DÃ 1\/4 rrenÃ sch is a municipality of the district Kulm in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
The 737-800 seats 162 passengers in a two class layout, or 189 in one class, and competes with the A320.
La Spezia is a province in the region of Liguria in Italy.
The Man in the High Castle (1962) takes place in an different universe. There the United States is ruled by the Axis powers, who have won the Second World War.
The landowners sued the park owners in 2004, claiming that the park had an improper insurance policy and that fireworks were prohibited in the lease.
The pygmy hippopotamus displays many terrestrial adaptations, but like its larger cousin, it is semi-aquatic and relies on proximity to water to keep its skin moisturized and its body temperature cool.
The Frozen Four will be hosted by the University of Alabama in Huntsville, the nearest collegiate hockey team to Florida.
It was directed by Edgar Wright, who co-wrote it with Simon Pegg. The movie stars Simon Pegg and Nick Frost.
He and his companions went out four square miles east of Denver, but the town and Colorado were not doing well after the Silver Crash of 1893.
The Pakistan Constitution does not explicitly make mention of sexual orientation or gender identity.
Lake Garda is the largest lake in Italy. In Italian its name is Lago di Garda.
Johns Creek is a city in the American state of Georgia. It was only made a city December 1, 2006.
Parkes is on the main Australian transcontinental railway line between Sydney and Perth. The Newell Highway between Victoria and Queensland goes through the city.
The gods play no active role in Thucydides' work.
This question is usually seen on the forms such as censuses and credit card applications.
Rully, Calvados is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.
Charles Louis NapolÃ on (1808 â'' 1873 ), son of Louis NapolÃ on, was president of France in 1848 and emperor in 1852 until 1870, reigning as NapolÃ on III.
Curry laksa (sometimes called just laksa) is a coconut soup made with prawns, beef, bean sprouts and chili.
... You will see tomorrow on the Eastern horizon a Socialist Armenia.''
Over 520 stores are arranged along three levels of pedestrian walkways on the sides of the rectangle, with a fourth level on the East side.
The World Heavyweight Championship is the top wrestling honor for World Wrestling Entertainment's SmackDown brand.
Maine Road hosted two England internationals, the first was a 3-0 defeat of Wales on November 13, 1946 and the second a 9-2 win over Northern Ireland on November 16, 1949, England's first ever World Cup qualifier.
This section of the guideline is aimed at editors who may have a conflict of interest.
Monte Plata is a province of the Dominican Republic ; its capital city has the same name, Monte Plata.
Masturbation is the act of a person touching their own genitals (sexual organs ). It is not always done to the point of orgasm.
Another actress with the same name (of Nancy) had appeared in a Hollywood blacklist.
Dina Wadia is the daughter and the only living-child of Muhammad Ali Jinnah, founding father of Pakistan.
Lee Marvin (February 19, 1924 â'' August 29, 1987 ), was an American actor.
However, in 2004, the party showed increasing signs of independence.
Bautzen I was used as an official prison, Bautzen II was a secret prison for prisoners of conscience (people arrested for their political beliefs, not because of an ordinary crime ).
Software engineering can be very difficult work.
Research has been done to see where food waste occurred. The researchers looked at the food industry of the United States and found that food was wasted at the beginning of the food production.
Since the 1970s, Curitiba has working on alternatives to minimize the negative impacts of urbanization on rivers.
Belmont died in New York in 1890.
Saint-Mars-sur-Colmont is a commune of 435 people (1999 ). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.
The sentence generally involves a decree of imprisonment, a fine and\/or other punishments against a defendant convicted of a crime.
At this point, aged 74, he had amassed over 65,000 specimens.
Huntington is a city in the state of Indiana, in the United States.
Terminology studies among other things how such terms of art come to be and their interrelationships within a culture.
Saint-Cl Ã ment is a commune in the ArdÃ che dÃ partement in southern France.
Chosen-ciphertext attacks, like other attacks, may be adaptive or non-adaptive.
Conthey is the capital of the district of Conthey in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
During this time he brought his sister Hannah to New Haven to manage the apothecary business when he was absent.
The city's Inca architecture, however, survived the earthquake.
It was written and directed by Charles Tait.
In the message he wrote in part,'' I am an administrator of the online encyclopedia project Wikipedia.
In modern times, the word'' atheos'' in classical texts is sometimes translated as'' atheistic''.
( To speed up the comparison, the EK (P) set is stored in an in-memory lookup table, then each DK (C) can be matched against the values in the lookup table to find the candidate keys. )
The Nintendo DSi is the third version of the Nintendo DS handheld. It was first available in Japan in December 2008, and in other regions in April 2009.
Before Tribal Council, Bruce named the new tribe'' Gitanos'', meaning'' gypsies'' in Spanish.
Atahuallpa was sentenced to execution by burning.
This class proved to be the most successful and longest-lived of all BR's First Generation DMUs, with the final five units being withdrawn on 24 December 2003.
The Territory of Christmas Island is a small island that belongs to Australia. It is in the Indian Ocean, 2600 kms northwest of Perth in Western Australia and 500 km south of Jakarta, Indonesia.
is the number we get when we multiply every number from 1 to N. If N is 0, N factorial is 1.
Marty Turco (born August 13, 1975 in Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario, Canada) is a professional Canadian ice hockey goaltender currently playing for the Chicago Blackhawks of the NHL.
Louis IX of France started a crusade against Egypt from 1248 to 1254.
Jackie Chan (æ é 3\/4) (born on April 7, 1954 is an actor, director, stuntman and singer from Hong Kong.
Cork cambium is one of the plant's meristems - the tissues that consist of embryonic (not specialized) cells from which the plant grows.
Marques Haynes (born October 3, 1926) is an American former professional basketball player and member of the Harlem Globetrotters. He is known for his ability to dribble the ball and keep it away from defenders.
The city's name was changed from Usumbura to Bujumbura when Burundi became independent in 1962.
These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the northeastern Pacific Ocean.
He was the lead singer and rhythm guitarist for the heavy metal band Sepultura, before forming Soulfly in the late 1990s.
Its seat was on Leipziger StraÃ e in Berlin at a building rebuilt by the architect Friedrich Schulze in 1904.
It is larger, thicker-skinned, and less aromatic than the key lime.
The illness can cause severe pneumonia and infections of the urinary tract, bloodstream and other parts of the body.
Michelle likes Stevie Nicks, Peaches, and Eminem, but she does n't like Keane or James Blunt.
Berger tried to do the same thing on Mansell on lap 72 at the same corner with the same result - a collision but with both cars out.
Korchnoi first played for Switzerland at the 1978 Olympiad, held in Buenos Aires, where he took the individual gold medal for best performance on board one.
One of those successes, GuitarFreaks, featured a guitar-shaped controller.
Until 1939 the city's name was Treptow an der Tollense (Treptow on the Tollense ).
In December 2008 Wojtaszek became the European rapid chess champion.
He turns into a ball when he goes in, and the player has to use a magical item called the Power Paintbrush to help Kirby beat Drawcia.
Many protists take the form of single-celled flagellates.
It comes from Collingwood, a suburb of Melbourne in Victoria.
NÃ donchel is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.
The Maryland in Liberia colony remained apart, as the state colonization society did not want anyone else to be able to trade goods.
The U.S. Highway 66 Association was organized in Tulsa, Oklahoma in 1927.
The main character, Humbert Humbert, falls in love, and has sexual relations with a 12-year-old girl nicknamed Lolita.
The best known mask is that of Tutankhamun.
The railway line that connected the Free City with Poland was administered by Poland.
The Ancient Olympic Games was a series of competitions held between representatives of several city-states and kingdoms from Ancient Greece, which featured mainly athletic but also combat and chariot racing events.
Until these are answered, Spain will not take part in the mission.
Luria was born Salvatore Edoardo Luria in Turin, Italy to an influential Italian Sephardic Jewish family.
He also got permission from Lewis Paul for 250 spindles for his patent roller-spinning machine, an early model of the water frame.
The Fiat Stilo is a automobile produced by Fiat since 2001.
When the flag came, the group found out that the coat of arms on the flag was in full color instead of white, and the manufacturer had added a gold ring around the shield.
Of these, nine have two subspecies and one has three subspecies.
After he gets them all, he goes to the top of the tower and battles Agahnim again. He kills him, and Ganon in a bat form flies out of the corpse and into the Pyramid of Power.
They fished salmon, trout, bass, perch and whitefish.
In the United Kingdom, the road number has a letter and a number. It is between 1 and 4 digits long.
The word'' pixel'' was first used in a paper by Frederic C. Billingsley in 1965.
In the ensuing Conscription Crisis of 1917, riots broke out on the streets of Montreal.
Morbihan is a department found in the west of France in the Brittany region.
In 2006 it became one of the record labels owned by Warner Bros..
The present castle was erected in 1613.
He led two resistance movements against the Canadian government and its first Prime Minister, Sir John A. Macdonald.
FÃ bio JosÃ dos Santos (born 26 June 1973) is a former Brazilian football player.
The LNER Class A4 was a type of steam locomotive made in England in 1935. It was designed by Sir Nigel Gresley for the London North Eastern Railway.
In rowing, a coxless pair consists of a pair of rowers, each having one oar, one on the stroke side (rower's right hand side) and one on the bow side (rower's lefthand side ).
Denver and Aurora are the main cities of the Denver-Aurora-Broomfield, CO Metropolitan Statistical Area, a United States metropolitan area (MSA ). In 2007, the cities within the statistical area had about 2,464,866 people, which makes it the MSA with the 22nd most people.
Isone is a municipality of the district Bellinzona in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
It dissolves easily in bases to make arsenites.
Due to the mistake, on the day following the announcement, WWE's stock on the New York Stock Exchange notably fell.
A reaction turbine needs to fully contain the water during energy transfer.
The Spanish Republican government in Exile was a group of politicians who went into exile in France when the dictator Francisco Franco took power in Spain after the Spanish Civil War. They wanted to continue the government of the Second Spanish Republic.
According to the original version of the constitution enacted in January 1919, there were to be four ministers :
The book of the dead was most commonly written on a papyrus scroll.
In engineering mechanics, bending (also known as flexure) characterizes the behavior of a structural element subjected to a lateral load.
Like in ancient Rome, death masks were often then used in making marble sculpture portraits, busts or engravings of the deceased.
They derive from African traditional religions, especially of West and Central Africa, showing similarities to the Yoruba religion in particular.
The Earth of the early Archean may have supported a tectonic condition different from that of the present.
The Regnitz is a river in Bavaria, Germany.
Cycas is not closely related to other genera of cycads, and phylogenetic studies have shown that Cycadaceae is the sister-group to all other extant cycads.
The enlightened argued that the establishment of a contractual basis of rights would lead to the capitalism, the use of scientific method, to religious tolerance, and to the organization of states into self-governing republics held together through democratic means.
Hideki TÅ jÅ was born on 30 December 1884 in the KÅ jimachi district of Tokyo, Japan where he was the third son of a lieutenant general in the Imperial Japanese Army named Hidenori TÅ jÅ.
Bill served as the Goalie Coach for the WHL Vancouver Giants for the 2004-2005 and 2005-2006 seasons.
That means it wraps (allows line breaks) and it will collapse together with normal spaces that come after the template to form one single space.
The American Foxhound is a kind of dog breed.
Isolde collapses beside him as the appearance of another ship is announced.
The information is fed into two IBM supercomputers. The computers use models based on a software package known as the Unified Model.
How much of a carcinogen a radiation is depends on the type of radiation, the type of exposure to it and its penetration.
Andy GarcÃ a (born April 12, 1956) is an American actor, born in Cuba.
Some, notably the St. Louis Cardinals, said they would strike if Robinson played.
All the seven seasons of the series are available on DVDs for regions 1 and region 2.
There were 2,142 households out of which 34.00 % had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.20 % were married couples living together, 9.20 % had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.70 % were not related.
Winfield is a city in Fayette and Marion counties in the U.S. state of Alabama.
However, the phrase born of a woman, born under the law could imply that Jesus had no human father.
It happened at Madison Square Garden in New York, New York on March 20, 1994.
This is called underground mining. Some mining, such as gold mining, is done in other ways.
The United States Geological Survey estimated the quake to be 7.1 Mw. The Hong Kong Observatory and the Japan Meteorological Agency said 7.2 Mw.
Boise is the capital city of the U.S. state of Idaho.
Clark attributed this remark to a German general but, before his death, admitted he lied about the phrase.
Once a crystal is obtained, data can be collected using a beam of radiation.
In Spain, the region of Galicia was placed on red alert - the highest level - by authorities who were expecting the extratropical remnants of Gordon.
Hindenburg eventually agreed to run in the second round of the elections as a non-party independent, although he was a conservative.
When the Netherlands finally did become fully part of France in 1810, the departments of the kingdom and their borders were largely maintained, with some joined together.
The chemical signal binds to the outer portion of the receptor, changing its shape. This causes another signal inside the cell.
Brett Gurewitz came back in 2001, and worked with them on their three most recent albums. The band has may create another album in 2010, enntitled The Dissent of Man, and will also mark the first time that a Bad Religion line-up had not changed in four consecutive studio recordings.
In 1999, the Mario Party series started on the Nintendo 64.
Jean-Baptiste Lully (pronounce :'' Loo-lee'' ), (born Florence, 28 November 1632 ; died Paris, 22 March 1687 ), was an Italian composer, violinist and dancer who spent most of his life working in the court of Louis XIV of France.
They murdered thousands of Jews and Gypsies.''
The original license-built MAN engines of the Class 21s had proved unreliable, so in 1963 locomotive D6123 was sent to Paxman's Colchester works to receive a new Paxman Ventura V12 engine.
The Muslim League was a political party of British India. It was created at Dacca in 1906 and helped to create Pakistan as a Muslim state in the Indian subcontinent.
The Australian and French Government issued a similar warning a few days later.
In 2009 he directed the documentary The Life of A Singer, which brings the story of Itzhak Klepter.
Jozef GaÅ par (born 23 August 1977) is a former Slovak football player.
The many churches of the Orthodox Church are distinct in terms of administration and local culture, but for the most part exist in full communion with one another, with exceptions such as lack of relations between the Russian Orthodox Church Outside Russia (ROCOR) and the Moscow Patriarchate (the Orthodox Church of Russia) dating from the 1920s and due to the subjection of the latter to the hostile Soviet regime.
Bortuzzo won the Hamilton Spectator Trophy in his second year as a member of the 2007 â'' 08 Kitchener Rangers.
MuchMusic is dedicated to music, music-related programs, pop and youth culture.
Ramsey played college football at Ball State University.
Any cipher that can prevent chosen-plaintext attacks is then also guaranteed to be secure against known-plaintext and ciphertext-only attacks ; this is a conservative approach to security.
La Chapelle-Anthenaise is a commune of 865 people (2007 ). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.
On September 14, 2010, Twitter changed the site design and added a new logo.
Ducks are closely related to swans and geese, which are in the same family.
The Apiaceae or Umbelliferae is a family of usually aromatic plants with hollow stems, commonly known as umbellifers.
The first effective treatment for malaria came from the bark of cinchona tree, which contains quinine.
This term was shortened to' quango' by Anthony Barker, a Briton, during a follow-up conference.
Neil was the founder of Crowded House with Split Enz's final drummer Paul Hester in 1985.
They are Dr Orator, Sir Farcical Comic, Mrs Novel, Bookseller, Poet, Monsieur Pantomime, Don Tragedio, and Signior Opera.
The error in the device output or operation caused as a result of the strike is called an SEU or a soft error.
Derzi was born in Jerusalem, graduate Film School named Camera Obscura in Tel Aviv in 2007.
Anna Anka born April 28, 1971 in Poland is an American model, actress and author and wife of singer Paul Anka.
The ThÃ lmann pioneers were taught the slogan'' Ernst ThÃ lmann is my role model.
Yu Hasegawa (born 5 June 1987) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Montedio Yamagata.
Bucy-le-Long is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.
Pavel Å ehÃ k (born 7 October 1963) is a former Czech football player.
Archer had to resign because of a scandal in October 1986 when the Sunday newspaper The News of the World led on the story'' Tory boss Archer pays vice-girl''. The article claimed that Archer had paid Monica Coghlan, a prostitute, Â # 2000 through another person at Waterloo Station to go abroad.
For example, Wan Zhen, a Chinese medical expert, reported that'' (t) he habitat of saffron is in Kashmir, where people grow it principally to offer it to the Buddha.''
Because of this increase of students, Auburn began a period of growth that lasted through the 1950s and 1960s.
It was the 11th No Way Out event.
Eric grew up with his mother and sisters. Except for a short visit, he did not see his father again until 1912.
Schleicher came up with the idea of Presidential government, and the'' 25/48/53 formula''.
The sebaceous glands of a human fetus in utero secrete a substance called Vernix caseosa, a'' waxy'' or'' cheesy'' white substance covering the skin of newborn babies.
The festival is at the end of April each year.
Tar kilns (Swedish : tjÃ rdal, Norwegian : tjÃ remila) are dry destillation ovens, historically used in Scandinavia for producing tar from wood.
The islands are most of the time referred to as the Ionian Islands, and other islands like the Strophades, Sphagia, Schiza, Sapientza and Kythira.
By December 4, 1930, Eisenstein was on his way to Mexico by train. He was joined by Alexandrov and Tisse.
The following names were used for named storms that formed in the eastern Pacific in 1985.
Cotton Mather was the son of minister Increase Mather. He is most well known for his connection to the Salem witch trials.
Alex Rodrigo Dias da Costa (born 17 June 1982) is a Brazilian football player.
The double bass is generally tuned in fourths, in contrast to members of the orchestral string family, which are tuned in fifths.
Hansard also spent part of 2006 in front of the cameras for a music-infused Irish film Once, in which Hansard plays a Dublin busker, and IrglovÃ an immigrant street vendor.
The settlement soon grew into a town which was awarded market rights by King Otto III in 983.
Deryck Whibley (born March 21, 1980) is a Canadian singer and musician from the band Sum 41.
Elementary schools include Beverly Park Elementary, Mount View Elementary, Southern Heights Elementary, and White Center Heights Elementary.
This layer has not yet been successfully dated, but likely falls between 1.75 and 1.2 million years.
Wood continued acting in mostly independent films, including Pretty Persuasion (2005 ), Down in the Valley (2006 ), and in the big studio production Across the Universe (2007 ).
Check was a part of two Allan Cup-winning teams, in 1944 and 1949, and became a sales representative in later life.
They stop Lian, but Katara, Sokka, and Haru are captured by another machine.
The moraine was made during the last ice age. The river enters a beautiful gorge, called the Wisconsin Dells.
Motto : Concilio et Labore''''.
Instead, West Virginia Governor Ray Sullivan (Brett Cullen) is chosen as Vinick's running mate.
Painted a maroon color, she is now the only one of twenty locomotives to remain preserved in working order.
Craigslist is a centralized network of online communities for free classified advertisements (with jobs, internship, housing, personal advertisements, erotic services, for sale\/barter\/wanted, services, community, and pets categories) and forums on various topics.
Despite the number, this is an east-west highway -- the' H' - series (for Hawaii) numbering is done in the order in which routes were given money and built.
About the return of Libby, Cuse stated,'' Finally, all of your questions (about Libby) will be answered'', however, Lindelof jokingly responded,'' No, they will not''.
Dan Brown wrote another book in 2009 called The Lost Symbol, which also talks about Kryptos.
Some regard sexual conflict as a subset of sexual selection (which was traditionally regarded as mutualistic ), while others suggest it is a separate evolutionary phenomenon.
She has two sisters, Edna Reid and Marina Morse ; and two brothers, Louis and William Morse.
Eaton Wash is a tributary to the Rio Hondo.
The state capital was the town of Baltit (also known as Karimabad ).
; subtitle : Used only on to say'' Capital of the United States'' since DC has no capital.
The first documents mentioning castrati are Italian church records from the 1550s.
The reason for the mass suicide often inolves religious views. Suicide bombings and Kamikaze missions are military or paramliitary forms of mass suicide.
At this conference, United States President Franklin D. Roosevelt and Secretary of State Cordell Hull declared the so-called Good Neighbor Policy which opposed U.S. armed intervention in inter-American affairs.
The region is dominated by the native speakers of Cebuano.
These pearls are harvested after a few years.
He has been a senior hurricane specialist.
Vladimir Kramnik commented that this was the first contest in which Capablanca had no easy wins.
The YucatÃ n Peninsula separates the Caribbean Sea from the Gulf of Mexico.
The fallopian tubes (also known as oviducts and uterine tubes) connect the ovaries to the uterus, and let the ovum pass into the uterus where they are able to be fertilized by sperm during sexual intercourse or other ways, such as artificial insemination. There are two Fallopian tubes attached to either side of the uterus.
A few hundred Alaska Natives were joined by small numbers of'' Alaska sourdoughs'' between 1900 and 1930 when hundreds of'' colonists'' were moved there by the United States Federal Government in the early 1930s.
Although introduced fish have been found in most Australian waterways, none have been recorded in the Park.
Its county seat is Ada.
The party also played role in establishment of Democratic Republic of Armenia, as party members took part in the Battle of Sardarapat, during the World War I at Caucasus Campaign, which defended the Armenian capital of Yerevan from Army of Islam of Ottoman Empire.
Members are Masahiro Nakai, Takuya Kimura, Goro Inagaki, Tsuyoshi Kusanagi and Shingo Katori.
One of his most famous poem is probably Demain, dÃ s l'aube. In this poem, he describes visiting her grave.
Anti-nuclear groups also favor the use of renewable energy, such as wind power, solar power, geothermal energy and biofuel.
The Acid Survivors Foundation is a Bangladeshi organization that helps victims of acid attacks and tries to prevent these attacks..
The maximum depth is about 400 feet.
On 8 November 2007, the FIA announced that the Renault F1 team would be need to answer a charge of possession of confidential information relating to the 2006 and 2007 McLaren Formula One cars.
In physics, the field strength of a field is the magnitude (size) of its (vector) value.
Both Terry and Danielle were sent to Exile Island for losing the Challenge.
Paradigm would later kidnap Bolton's four sons â'' John (who became Ripster ), Bobby (who became Streex ), Coop (who became Big Slammu ), and Clint (who became Jab) and would transform them into sharks.
They seceded from Virginia and formed their own state, West Virginia. After the war, the United States was brought back together, but West Virginia never rejoined Virginia.
The 924 Gilman Street project, used to be called the Alternative Music Foundation, is the Berkeley, California street address and official business name of the all-ages, non-profit, music club called'' Gilman.''
The definition of an essay is vague.
The station, and all trains serving it, is operated by National Express East Anglia.
He has written about The Destructive Impact of Uranium Mining on Native American Culture.
Please do not use this template directly.
Dallenwil is a municipality in the canton of Nidwalden in Switzerland.
Frederick I of Prussia, (11 July 1657 -- 25 February 1713) of the Hohenzollern dynasty was the first King in Prussia (1701 -- 1713 ).
In the royal family there are 24 grandchildren and 23 great-grand children in the direct line.
Paraves is a branch-based clade containing birds (clade Aves) and other closely related dinosaurs.
The collapse involved an estimated 290 km length of coastal shelf, with a total volume of 3,500 km3 of debris.
Michael Howe (1787 -- October 21, 1818) was a famous bushranger in Tasmania, Australia.
He wrote many books. Many of them were on the subject of Thelema.
He left the NHL after the 1960 season.
Then conquer we must, when our cause it is just, And this be our mottoâ'' â In God is our trust. â And the star-spangled banner in triumph shall wave Oâ er the land of the free and the home of the brave.
On the 15 November 2003 a Sprinter train going to Ballarat was derailed (came off the tracks) between Ballan and Gordon hurting 61 people when it crashed into a car on a country railway crossing.
It is the county seat of Charlotte County
While initially Aruban prosecutors sought his transfer to the island, he was instead released by agreement between the prosecutor and Wever's attorney.
In one episode, Aang meets his previous incarnation, Avatar Roku (born on Fire Nation ), who said him that he must learn all four bending arts and win Fire Lord Ozai before the end of summer.
Perry is married to comedian and actor Russell Brand, and previously dated Gym Class Heroes lead singer Travie McCoy.
The trains are still being built. They will be introduced by 2012, when all of the 1967 Stock trains will be completely replaced.
His first electric guitar was a white Supro Ozark that his father, Al Hendrix, had bought him.
Lafayette County was named in honor of the Marquis de Lafayette, the French citizen who rendered assistance to the colonies during the American Revolutionary War.
This led to roles in another Disney serial called Match Point, and an episode of Tales from the Crypt (directed by Arnold Schwarzenegger ), though her Crypt role was later cut.
Mark Leslie Norton (February 7, 1956 â'' April 5, 2007 ), better known as Mark St. John, was a guitarist known for his brief work with the rock band Kiss.
The barracks were made bigger for the 28th Infantry Division headquarters.
Also military service during World War I and World War II helped assimilation.
In parallel there subsisted a tradition of polychromatic figurative painting : the artists sought a greater variety of tints than in the past.
Eilat is at the southern end of the Negev Desert and the northern end of the Gulf of Aqaba on the Red Sea.
Dan Calichman (born 21 February 1968) is a former American soccer player.
A Bunsen burner is a common piece of laboratory equipment.
Several of Monroe's biographers think that Gladys Baker used his name so it did not appear to be an illegitimate birth.
Mougins is a commune.
At that time, the university's work in the anti-missile Strategic Defense Initiative and investments in South Africa caused anger on campus.
Thallium (III) oxide, also known as thallic oxide, is a chemical compound.
Ollie is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Aarre Merikanto (June 29, 1893 â'' September 29, 1958) was a Finnish composer.
The sit-down stopped the police car from moving for 36 hours.
Some of these rules are the same all over the world, such as no shoes should be worn in the prayer hall. Other rules are different from mosque to mosque.
He died at the Castle of Moncalieri having suffered an attack of apoplexy.
Beryl produced rough seas along the northeast United States coastline.
For example, the winner of the marathon at the 1904 Games, Thomas J. Hicks, was given strychnine and brandy by his coach.
; c. to Distribute and Publicly Perform the Work including as incorporated in Collections ; and, d. to Distribute and Publicly Perform Adaptations.
The name comes from the spanish words pesos oro (gold weights) or pesos plata (silver weights ).
In a 1999 referendum, the Australian people voted on a proposal to change the Constitution.
Rosyth is a town in Fife, Scotland.
Cornas is a French commune that can be found in the dÃ partement of ArdÃ che in the region of RhÃ ne-Alpes.
Jay is in love with Nick's cousin, Daisy.
The species breeds during the monsoons and the tadpoles are black.
Thiernu is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.
Grover is played by Brandon T. Jackson in the movie Percy Jackson & the Olympians : The Lightning Thief, a film adaptation of the first book in the series, The Lightning Thief.
Michelin returned as a tyre supplier. This was the first time Bridgestone had competition since Goodyear left the sport at the end of the season.
The cemetery is at 2755 West 111th St.
The sculpture was commissioned in 2003. Construction went longer than planned and the official unveiling was delayed until 12 January 2005.
In the same year he wrote his most important poem, The Sale of Saint Thomas in six Acts.
Wonderama also was run in five other markets in which Metromedia owned television stations, including WTTG in Washington D.C., KMBC-TV in Kansas City, KTTV in Los Angeles, WXIX-TV in Cincinnati and WTCN-TV in Minneapolis â'' Saint Paul.
Chase & Status' first album, More Than Alot, debuted in the UK album charts at number 49 on 19 October 2008 and entered the UK dance album chart at number 2.
She has won four Grammy Awards and was inducted into (joined) the Songwriters Hall of Fame and the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame for her songwriting.
National societies will be given the lead especially when a conflict is happening within their own country.
But the term is used in studies of zoological populations, although there is the term' epizoology', and it has also been applied to studies of plant populations.
Swift is probably the most well known prose satirist in the English language. He is less well known for his poetry.
The high-end version supports sample rates of up to 192 kHz and bit depths of 16 and 24 bit, opens WAV, AIFF, mp3, SDII audio files. It also supports QuickTime video files.
Brenelle is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.
It is also an industrial city, heavily dependent on the steel, food processing, oil refining, ship building and chemical industries.
The first included the Wang Laboratories LOCI-2, introduced in 1965, which used logarithms for multiplication and division and the Hewlett-Packard HP-9100, introduced in 1968.
Much of the island is covered with pine forests. These are the source of the island's large lumber industry.
SebastiÃ n Pardo (born 1 January 1982) is a former Chilean football player.
A studio recording was released as a single, and the song has been covered by Aretha Franklin and Donny Hathaway.
The male has small pale spots near the tip of the fore wing and a few red spots on the hind wing.
The Massa area has an high number of touristists, and it's famous for concentration of some 600 industrial and craft activities where are working about 7,000 people.
Wagner Pereira Cardozo (born 16 October 1966) is a former Brazilian football player.
Domestic rats are very different from wild rats, however.
Clarence Thomas is a Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States. He was born June 23, 1948.
It is in the northwest of the country. It has borders with Armenia and the Republic of Azerbaijan, and the provinces of Ardabil, West Azarbaijan, and Zanjan.
A boot is a type of footwear that protects the foot and ankle.
There are small Mandaean populations in Australia (c. 3,500 as of 2006 ), Canada, the USA (c. 1,500 ), the UK (c. 1,000) and Sweden (c. 5,000 ).
The Hallertau or Holledau is an area in Bavaria, Germany.
It was replaced with Allison in the 1989 season. The name Allison was coincidentally retired after doing major damage to the same the area in 2001.
While performing in Florida Championship Wrestling (FCW) he won the FCW Florida Heavyweight Championship one time and the FCW Florida Tag Team Championship one time.
The tribes they were in for a short time upon their return were the same tribes they started in.
In his lifetime, Spurgeon preached to about 10 million people. Spurgeon would often preach 10 times a week at different places.
Battlefield 2 is the sequel of Battlefield 1942 and Battlefield Vietnam. The most recent game of the Battlefield series is Battlefield : Bad Company 2.
Lucca is a city in the Italian region of Tuscany. The city is located on the river Serchio in a very fertile plain near the Tyrrhenian Sea.
The tournament was played in a round robin format.
Pompey eventually pushed Caesar into Thessaly and, urged on by his senatorial allies, he confronted Caesar near Pharsalus.
They have made four albums - It's About Time in 2006, Jonas Brothers in 2007, A Little Bit Longer in 2008, and Lines, Vines and Trying Times in 2009.
In case of and, where, and and are integer constants, the wavelet transform is called discrete wavelet transform (of continuous signal ).
The Cambrian marked a steep change in the diversity and composition of Earth's biosphere.
This was because the control of atomic energy was with the people after president Harry S. Truman signed the McMahon\/Atomic Energy Act in 1946.
It was a forty over match with eight balls per over.
They say he lives on' Planet Ivanchuk'.
The show began filming on March 31, 2000 and ended on April 20, 2000.
A pedal timpani is a timpani that uses a pedal to change its pitch. It is the kind of timpani that is used the most today.
For instance, standards for encoding data (e.g. country codes ), but more significantly some encryption standards, such as the Data Encryption Standard (FIPS 46) and the Advanced Encryption Standard (FIPS 197 ).
For a few summers, he was assistant to Siegfried Wagner and Hans Richter at Bayreuth.
Their maximum angular separations from Jupiter are between 2 and 8 minutes of arc, close to the limit of human visual acuity.
The class were used to haul trains on the then newly electrified West Coast Main Line, from Birmingham, to Crewe, Manchester Piccadilly, Liverpool and later Preston.
Pontus Norgren is the current guitarist of the Swedish power metal band HammerFall and the former guitarist of The Poodles.
Auenstein is a municipality of the district Brugg in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
Sometimes, people talking about Amazonas also mean the River in South America, which is called the Amazon in English.
50 Cent divides between'' hard'' songs and'' soft'' songs on the album.
His shipping point, which was named after him, was known as â Scott Rockâ.
The name Kenai is probably derived from Kenayskaya, the Russian name for Cook Inlet, which borders the peninsula to the west.
The Mikhail Tal Memorial tournament is held in Moscow each year since 2006 to honor his memory.
To stop this drain that the East German government built the Berlin Wall, thus physically closing off West Berlin from East Germany, on 13 August 1961.
Other communities are Columbia, Mac Kinley, Santa BÃ rbara, Cuchilla Alta, Punta del Este, Sierra de Caballos and Sierra de Casas.
The Short-beaked Echidna is covered in fur and spines. It has a special nose (snout) and a special tongue that lets the echidna catch its prey at a great speed.
As of 2004, the only sport in which no professionals compete is boxing, although even this requires a definition of amateurism based on fight rules rather than on payment, as some boxers receive cash prizes from their National Olympic Committees.
I'm not a presidential scholar but I do n't think you'll find a worse president in the history of the United States.
After having cooled, the soap is poured into molds''
It is believed the tunnels were built to allow a North Korean military invasion.
70 Virginis b is a Jupiter-type extrasolar planet that orbits around 70 Virginis every 116 days. It has 7.5 times the mass of Jupiter.
By this time, the ISM bands had become crowded in the U.S., especially the 2.4 GHz band which is used by both the most common variants of Wi-Fi, 802.11 b and 802.11 g, and many cordless phones ; thus interference between unlicensed devices has become common in these bands. However, because Wi-Fi does not operate in the UPCS band and DECT devices negotiate with each other for the available spectrum, not only are DECT 6.0 phones immune from this type of interference, their operation does not impair other nearby devices operating on the same frequency, which is a common issue with 2.4 GHz cordless phones.
The Magnoliaceae, or Magnolia Family, is a flowering plant family in the order Magnoliales.
The Venetian possessions were called'' Venetian Dalmatia'' and enjoyed a flourishing period of economic bonanza with huge development of the arts and culture.
The nave is the central approach to the high altar, the main body of the church.
Christopher Charles Mintz-Plasse (born June 20, 1989 in Los Angeles, California) is an American actor.
In the case, a legislative change to stop all prisoners from voting (as opposed to only those serving sentences of three years or more, as it was before the amendment) was rejected as breaking that right.
There is one private primary school, St Laurences Primary School.
Duodenal ulcers are peptic ulcers in the duodenum.
He was the son of Timur Shah Durrani and half-brother of his predecessor, Zaman Shah.
None of the Olympic venues were damaged.
After that it fell back into the atmosphere and crashed into the Indian Ocean near Antarctica.
Males had a median income of $ 31,863 versus $ 22,393 for females.
Shelties try to please their master so they do n't need very much discipline. Shelties rank in the top ten smartest dogs.
In 1951, the United Nations relocated from its first headquarters in Queens, to the East Side of Manhattan.
From the day of their debut to March 19, 2009, the five members are estimated to have been photographed about 500 million times in magazines, albums jackets, and commercials, etc..
Spider monkeys have one offspring per year.
Kesswil is a municipality of the district of Arbon in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
Hamlet is the son of the King of Denmark. When Hamlet's father dies, his uncle Claudius becomes king and marries Hamlet's mother (Gertrude ).
The term is mainly used in the genres outside of Western art music, such as funk, rock music, power groove, fusion, and soul.
Livingstone had run in 2000 on a policy of financing the improvements to Tube infrastructure by a public bond issue, which had been done in the case of the New York City Subway.
The Willis Tower is the tallest building in North America and was the tallest building in the world from 1974 to 1996.
One of the producers of the series was Steven Bochco, creator of many well-known police dramas such as Hill Street Blues and NYPD Blue.
He has played for Japan national team.
Fifteen locomotives were converted for freight only use, numbered in the 85\/1 series.
\* page-redirected-pattern : (( (( Wikipedia WP) : (AES Automatic edit summaries) (â Automatic summary) )) ) ?
This is a group of United Kingdom-related templates.
However, most people who visit Wikipedia do n't know about any of this because they only read articles.
Hemmental is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland.
Sir Alec Guinness, CH, CBE (2 April 1914 - 5 August 2000) was an Academy Award winning English actor.
In 2003, he conducted at the Mariinsky Theatre the first complete cycle of Wagner's The Ring of the Nibelung to be performed in Russia for over 90 years.
Skagerrak is a part of the North Sea. To the east is Kattegat.
In the next game Schiavone broke her opponents serve but touched the net after hitting the winner, meaning the point went to Kutznetsova, when holding three break points.
At the 2008 Cannes Film Festival, Alain Siritzky said that a worldwide search was to begin for a new Emmanuelle to star in a new series of films.
Thucydides' History has been enormously influential in both ancient and modern historiography.
It was painted red, with the cab area above bonnet-level height painted cream.
It is the capital of the Demmin Rural District.
With the development of plate tectonics in the 1960s geologists concluded the Atlantic Ocean must have had a precursor before the time of Pangaea.
The Headquarters of the ECSC is in the Heraldine Rock Building, Waterfront, Castries, Saint Lucia.
Hesiod's myth of Pandora's jar, then, could be an summary of many different early myths.
A pink background indicates an event which was not part of the Formula One World Championship.
John Towner Williams (born February 8, 1932) is an American composer and conductor ; he is best remembered for his scores (soundtracks) for movies such as Jaws, Star Wars, Superman, E.T., Indiana Jones, Home Alone, Jurassic Park and Harry Potter.
Because the Netherlands Antilles was a part of the Kingdom of the Netherlands, the Dutch Queen was also the Queen of the Netherlands Antilles, but the islands' residents had a government of their own.
Red Bull contains taurine, glucuronolactone, caffeine, B vitamins, sucrose and glucose.
David Nizaam'' Brownsound'' Baksh (born 26 July, 1980 in Toronto, Ontario, Canada) is a Canadian guitarist, singer and producer of Guyanese descent, best known as the former guitarist of successful pop punk band Sum 41, but has since became a singer\/guitarist in his own heavy metal\/reggae project Brown Brigade.
English National Opera (ENO) is an opera company based in London, England. The opera house where it performs is called the London Coliseum.
prev_year - The year of the country's previous entry.
He married Victoria Kamhi, a Turkish-born pianist, in 1933.
The Pop Chronicles were two radio documentaries.
Queen's Park Football Club is a famous football club based in Glasgow, Scotland, and is the oldest football club in Scotland, founded in 1867, and the oldest outside of England and Wales.
Strong swells resulted in damage in northern Puerto Rico and the Dominican Republic, and also caused four people to drown along the United States' Atlantic coast.
Pablo Mastroeni (born 29 August 1976) is a American soccer player. He plays for Colorado Rapids and United States national team.
He moved to the Avon Valley, which was a remote valley, in the Darling Range.
October begins on the same day of week as January, except in leap years.
Other notable devotees include humanitarian Larry Brilliant and his wife Girija, as well as Dada Mukerjee (former professor at Allahabad University, Uttar Pradesh, India ).
He is known for being the first European since the Norse colonization of the Americas around 1000 AD to explore the Atlantic coast of North America between South and North Carolina and Newfoundland, including New York Harbor and Narragansett Bay in 1524.
Fifty of these locomotives were built to haul express passenger trains on the, then non-electrified, section of the West Coast Main Line between Crewe, Carlisle and Scotland.
Ridgeway, Virginia is a town of Virginia in the United States.
The phone system, the gendarme patrol, local medical care, the railway station and the mill were established in this period.
Alyson Rae Stoner (born August 11, 1993) was an American teen actress, dancer, singer and former model.
British negotiators at the Simla Convention heard about the treaty and got very suspicious. They feared that Russia might use the treaty to gain more influence in Tibet..
The Republic contains ideas of Socrates :'' Socrates said it, Plato wrote it.''
Because some members of the Zionist leadership liked the idea, however, peace was kept in the movement because they voted to start a committee to look at the possibility. They did not officially say no to the idea until the 7th Zionist Congress in 1905.
Competing theories state that saffron only returned to France with 8th century AD Moors or with the Avignon papacy in the 14th century AD.
So, in normal diploid organisms, chromosomes are present in two copies.
In 1987, they were officially recognized as molluscs and given their own class.
Between 1842 and 1843 she translated an article by Italian mathematician Luigi Menabrea on the engine.
In most other graphical applications, the tab key shifts the focus to the next control or widget.
Possessed of a fine intellect, and extremely fond of the game, he is apt to lose sight of all other considerations, people and business alike.
Tibooburra is a small village in the north west corner of New South Wales, Australia. It is 1187 k from the state capital, Sydney.
Before his post as prime minister, he was the Minister of Foreign Affairs.
When there are beta particles made, it is called beta decay.
MotÃ rhead is often credited as the first band to invent\/play speed metal.
Peat was thus credited as being the first Grand Prior of the association, though this is not mentioned in any of his obituaries, leading W.B.H. in January 1919 to write in the journal Notes & Queries :'' His name is not in the knights' list, and he was never' Prior in the Sovereign Order of Saint John of Jerusalem'' : he became an ordinary member of that Order (sic) on Nov 11, 1830.''
In the 17th century the chapel had its own building in Whitehall, which burned down in 1698. Since 1702 it has been based in St. James's Palace.
Sorbais is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.
Despite this good start, the wall was abandoned after only twenty years. The garrisons were sent back to Hadrian's Wall.
Mark the Evangelist (, Greek : Î Î Ï Î Î Ï) is believed to be the writer of the Gospel of Mark ; the Copts think Mark brought Christianity to Egypt.
With sufficient investigation, a specific cause, such as abnormal raw material or incorrect set-up parameters, can be found for special cause variations.
As she left, she said'' Bless God and bless the gays,'' similar to her 2009 MTV Video Music Awards speech a month earlier.
The book was read by so many people that Sigmund Freud reported some patients who he believed had been influenced by reading about the whipping of slaves in Uncle Tom's Cabin.
Pornographic or otherwise offensive search terms are excluded from the suggested results.
ConstanÅ # a is the largest Romanian seaport on the Black Sea and the largest city in Dobruja. It is also the capital of ConstanÅ # a County and one of the biggest cities in Romania.
Lytham St Annes is a conurbation in the Fylde district of Lancashire, England.
Both towns were isolated for several days and there was major disruption to the drinking water supply and local agricultural production.
Worth made it so the dressmaker became an artist : a fashion designer.
In addition, there have been station closures for safety reasons, when both escalators have been unserviceable.
Once the railway line was extended under the street to join the two, Princes Bridge slowly became amalgamated into Flinders Street.
Trets is a commune of 10,709 people (2006 ). It is found in the region Provence-Alpes-C Ã te d'Azur in the Bouches-du-Rh Ã ne department in the south of France.
And though the mainstream media often views this as a youthful expression of rebellion by, modern punk embodies a range of age groups who generally disagree with the perceived shared countercultural principals and it is not uncommon for middle-aged people to form punk houses (houses where people of the punk subculture live and open to others to stay, including touring bands) and resistance movements against what they see as the widespread, unfair use of human and animal rights for profit.
Polymer banknotes were created by the Reserve Bank of Australia, CSIRO and the University of Melbourne and were first used as money in Australia in 1988.
It is the fifth busiest line on the Underground network judged by the number of passengers transported per year.
In 1993, Marshall Industries (NYSE : MI, 1984-1999) CEO, Robert Rodin, trained with the then 90-year-old Deming and his colleague Nida Backaitus.
In complex societies which were increasingly fragile, this combination of factors may have contributed to the collapse.
It is an anxiety disorder and often results in panic attack.
When Eugene McCarthy ran for president of the United States (1968 ), Hurwicz was a Minnesota delegate to the Democratic Party Convention and a member of the Democratic Party Platform Committee.
Techniques can include reforestation, pest control, irrigation, coppicing and hedge laying.
She was responsible for drafting the affirmative action rules within the Labor Party in Victoria that set the target of preselecting women for 35 per cent of' winnable seats' within a decade.
for a header, or the use of to create the standard cell indicator''''.
The Greek government also provided money, which was paid back through the sale of tickets. Money was also paid back through the sale of the first Olympic commemorative stamp set.
On April 15, 1947, Robinson played his first major league game at Ebbets Field in front of a crowd of 26,623 spectators. More than 14,000 black fans attended the game.
The Julian day or Julian day number (JDN) is the number of days that have passed since the initial epoch defined as noon Universal Time (UT) Monday, January 1, 4713 BC in the Julian calendar. That noon-to-noon day is counted as Julian day 0.
The district council, the, is the legislative body of the district and is responsible for local self-administration.
Dodd wanted to play for Georgia Tech but was not offered a scholarship.
2023 (MMXXIII) will be a common year starting on Sunday of the Gregorian calendar.
He appeared in 59 games with the Bruins but was unable to come to an agreement on a new contract for the 1997 â'' 98 season.
She sang the part of the Marschallin, so she had sung all three famous soprano roles in that opera : the Marschallin, Octavian and Sophie.
The last Count of Geneva died in 1394, and the House of Savoy took over their land. In 1416 the counts became dukes, and kept trying to bring the city of Geneva under their control, often by making members of their own family to Bishops of Geneva.
Hoegaarden is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
Bungarus is a genus of elapid snakes. They are commonly known as kraits.
Goran JuriÄ (born 5 February 1963) is a former Croatian football player.
For example to represent the string eat' hot' dogs in Pascal one uses' eat hot dogs'.
Peat fires are used to dry malted barley for use in Scotch whisky distillation.
The first One-Day International event was played on the fifth day of a rain-aborted Test match between England and Australia at Melbourne in 1971, to fill the time available and as compensation for the frustrated crowd.
Session was held from May 18, 1848 to May 31, 1849 in the Paulskirche at Frankfurt am Main.
Harry is able to speak and understand Parseltongue, a language associated with Dark Magic, which, according to Rowling, is because he harbors a piece of Lord Voldemort's soul.
Quaker Oats Company is owned by PepsiCo, Inc..
MÃ bius strips are common in the making of fabric computer printer and typewriter ribbons. There, they allow the ribbon to be twice as wide as the print head while using both half-edges evenly.
Halls of Fame and Walks of Fame, locations where persons or groups are recognized for excellence or success in their career.
Barbourmeade is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
After failing to win the Intercontinental Championship from John Morrison over the next few weeks, Hardy finally defeated Morrison to win his second Intercontinental Championship on the October 2 edition of RAW.
The character is played by Taylor Lautner.
Surveying has been very important in the development of the human environment since the beginning of recorded history (ca.
Rock and roll is a form of rock music developed in the 1950s and 1960s.
Thanks to Napoleon, he was a general by the age of 25, although he himself felt that he had risen too far in too short a time.
The International Species Information System (ISIS) is an international non-profit organization that helps zoos and aquariums around the world.
Frameries is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Hainaut.
The Creation of Adam is part of a painting by Michelangelo in the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel.
Sevan was one of the three great lakes of the historical Armenian Kingdom, collectively referred to as the Seas of Armenia, and it is the only one within the boundaries of today's Republic of Armenia.
The river flows south after Elysian Park, defining the easternmost edge of the mountains.
It is also an important center of commodity trade.
Nontrinitarianism is the beliefs systems that do not believe in the Trinity ).
Calpiogna is a municipality of the district of Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
According to the Cambridge Handbook for Editors, Copy-editors and Proofreaders, periods and commas that are part of the personâ s speech are permitted inside the quotation marks regardless.
As described in its instruction manual (copyright 2004 ), Hasbro's Bratz-themed Bop It game uses a layout like that of the earlier (3-input) Bop It format.
If any Gold, Jewels, Silver, & c. be found on Board of any Prize or Prizes to the value of a Piece of Eight, & the finder do not deliver it to the Quarter Master in the space of 24 hours he shall suffer what Punishment the Captain and the Majority of the Company shall think fit.
In recent decades, the dish has become very popular in Sweden and Denmark as, in Swedish, and' in Danish, especially among children.
In August 2010, Giovanna was moved back to Munich after repairs to her enclosure were finished.
On 7 September he recorded the 50th win of his road racing career in a sprint finish in the opening stage of the Tour of Missouri.
The city surrendered to British forces on June 5, 1900. The war ended in Pretoria with the signing of the Peace of Vereeniging on May 31 1902.
The population is mainly Hakka ; there is a Taiwanese aboriginal minority in the southeastern part of the county.
A recording of Opeth's live performance at the Camden Roundhouse, in London, on November 9, 2006, was later released as the double live album The Roundhouse Tapes.
However, Tacitus' portrayal of a tyrannical, vengeful emperor has been challenged by several modern historians.
Nikodinov's parents were both from Bulgaria and Nikodinov speaks Bulgarian fluently.
She is the daughter of Jawaharlal Nehru, who was also Prime Minister of India.
Jose Reginaldo Vital (born 29 February 1976) is a former Brazilian football player.
The Kelvin and Rankine temperature scales are defined so that absolute zero is 0 kelvins (K) or 0 degrees Rankine (Â R ).
All services are operated by V\/Line, with the exception of the Stony Point line operated by Connex using locomotives leased from V\/Line Passenger.
Diabetes is the condition that results from lack of insulin in a person's blood, or their body has a problem using the insulin it produces (Insulin resistance ). There are other kinds of diabetes, like diabetes insipidus.
A dowry (also known as trousseau or tocher) is the money, goods, or estate that a woman brings to her new husband.
His book was mostly just a simplified book of DÃ 1\/4 rer's own books, but his book was easier to use and cheaper than DÃ 1\/4 rer's books, so artists preferred to buy his.
After the Doolittle Raid on Tokyo, the US President Franklin D. Roosevelt told the press that the airplanes had taken off from Shangri-La.
During the Omo expedition of 1967, Richard visited Nairobi and on the return flight the pilot flew over Lake Rudolph (now Lake Turkana) to avoid a thunderstorm.
The Defense Intelligence Agency, or DIA, is a major producer and manager of military intelligence for the United States Department of Defense, employing over 11,000 military and civilian employees worldwide.
It became a Grand Duchy in 1815.
In the crypt is a silver bust of the saint, which is raised from the sarcophagus every year at the pilgrimage time at the end of July.
Her film roles since then include a happily married but ill-fated wife in the thriller The Mothman Prophecies (2002) and a supporting role in Along Came Polly (2004 ).
Therefore, both University College and King's pre-date the University of London, which initially served solely as an examining body for the constituent colleges.
A burrow is a hole made by an animal.
The prime objectives of Rangers is to provide and maintain security in hot conflict and war zone areas.
In 1492, Spain drove out the last Moorish king of Granada.
Moyet's pop career began in 1981 when she formed the electropop group Yazoo with former Depeche Mode member Vince Clarke.
Therefore, issues such as logistics, the coordination of different teams, and automatic control of machinery become really complicated.
The French government left Paris for Bordeaux, and Paris was taken over on 14 June.
'' That's why he left without telling her, but Clarence told me she was ready, even then.
She was the VJ for MSL Break from 2007 to 2008.
Destin is a city of Florida in the United States.
He then returned east, to challenge Pompey in Greece where in July 48 BC at Dyrrhachium Caesar barely avoided a catastrophic defeat.
Edouard made landfall in Ormond Beach, Florida on September 5 as a very weak tropical storm. Edouard died after crossing Florida.
These cell walls did not have the nucleus and other organelles found in most living cells.
Dunkirk was first mentioned in 1067 as Dunkerk (Dutch : â Church of the Dunesâ ).
The origins of viruses in the evolutionary history of life are unclear : some may have evolved from plasmids â'' pieces of DNA that can move between cells â'' while others may have evolved from bacteria.
Moray is a council area in Scotland, UK.
Halo 2 is an award winning first-person shooter video game made by Bungie Studios and published by Microsoft for its own Xbox console.
Viking metal is a heavy metal music subgenre inspired by Norse mythology.
The 1987 Atlantic hurricane season officially began on June 1 1987 and ended November 31 1978. However, storm can form outside these dates for example, Tropical Depression One form on May 25.
Enon is a village in Clark County, Ohio, United States.
Lentils are relatively tolerant to drought and are grown throughout the world.
Tribal raiding into British-ruled territory was a constant problem for the British, requiring frequent punitive expeditions between 1860 and 1945.
They have released an album with him called Master of Disaster.
Filamentation is the anomalous (not normal) growth of certain bacteria, such as E. coli, in which cells continue to elongate but do not divide (no septa formation ).
The disk system can acknowledge the write operation as soon as the data is in the cache. It does not need to wait until the data has been physically written.
Lambert was married twice. His first marriage was to Florence Kaye.
In 2001 there were 51,429 people living in Keighley.
The city of Basseterre is a financial center in the Eastern Caribbean.
Russian criminals who were sent to Siberia can be called convicts.
Rohtang Pass (el.
Its twin town is Saint-Amand-les-Eaux in northern France just outside Lille.
The Fiat Panda is a small car made by Fiat til 2003.
Hesdigneul-l Ã s-B Ã thune is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.
Sault-Br Ã naz is a commune.
Today's agricultural things are cattle, wheat, dairy products, corn, and hay.
Five to nine jury members meet early the next year before announcing the winner in spring.
; Reverse transcribing viruses : Reverse transcribing viruses with RNA genomes (retroviruses) use a DNA intermediate to replicate. Those with DNA genomes (pararetroviruses) use an RNA intermediate during genome replication.
Moreover, the distinction between the subjective mental act, namely the content of a concept, and the (external) object, was developed independently by Brentano and his school, and may have surfaced as early as Brentano's 1870's lectures on logic.
She was named one of People magazine's 50 Most Beautiful People in 2003. Fey was one of People magazine's 100 Most Beautiful People in 2007, 2008, and 2009.
From 1885 to 1901, trains stopped at Young Tank to refill with water.
Their works were usually rejected by the jury of the most important art exhibition in France, the annual Salon.
Months before going to Jerilderie, and with help from Joe Byrne, Ned Kelly dictated a long letter (56 pages ). The letter told his story, about how he became a bushranger, and the treatment of his family by the police.
Organisations in the United Kingdom.
For large updates, planning enhancements offline could reduce total revisions by a factor of 25 (or more ), due to the focus on broad wording, while avoiding hacks to half-finished text by the tinkering of other users.
Unlike other chemicals which take part in the reaction, a catalyst is not consumed by the reaction itself.
Although both the pinhole camera and camera obscura is credited to Ibn al-Haytham, the camera obscura was first described by Aristotle, who was the first to describe how an image is formed on the eye, using the camera obscura as an analogy.
Although the concepts'' cat'' and'' telephone'' are abstractions, they are not abstract in the sense of the objects in graph 1 above.
Avenue Victor-Hugo, located in Shawinigan, Quebec, Canada, was named to honor him.
A school uniform is a dress people (Usually children) wear when they go to school. In some countries, like the Netherlands, students can wear anything they like when they go to school.
An early experimeter was the German miller Julius Hensel, author of Bread from Stones, who reported successful results with steinmehl (stonemeal) in the 1890s.
The margins or selvage of the sheet may have additional printing, ranging from a simple statement of the occasion being commemorated, up to a full picture of which the stamp (s) are just a small part.
He started managing the band Soil with Malakian and Tankian in 1993 after meeting them in a recording studio.
White Hall is a city of Illinois in the United States.
Lake Village is a city of Chicot County in the state of Arkansas in the United States.
Ron Raphael Braunstein is an American rapper, producer, directer, and CEO better known by his stage name, Necro.
Princess Nina Georgievna, Anastasia's cousin, said that'' Anastasia was nasty to the point of being evil''. She said that Anastasia would get angry when her friends won games, or when the younger Nina was taller than she was.
Shrek 2 is a 2004 animated comedy film and is the second movie in the Shrek film series.
Arriva Fox County was formed in 1981, as Midland Red East the old Midland Red bus company broke up, and it changed its name to Midland Fox in 1984.
AmbriÃ res-les-Vall Ã es is a commune of 2,903 people (1999 ). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.
The festival begins in May with the'' Stars of the White Nights'' at Mariinsky Theatre and ends in July.
In order to provide varieties of security and efficiency levels ; RC5 has a variable block size (32, 64 or 128 bits ), variable key size (0 to 2040 bits) and variable number of rounds (0 to 255 ).
The population in 2001 was 16,372.
A warehouse is a commercial building for storage of goods.
Most of the people in Kaltag live by hunting and fishing.
British magazine Record Collector also listed the album among their Best of 2000 list.
LemÃ is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.
He was married to actress Sharon Stone from February 1998 until January 2004.
It was the first tropical storm to receive this female name. Paloma then made landfall in Cuba and moved slowly and quickly dissipated on November 9.
Two nearly identical seven story parking ramps on east and west sides provide 12,550 parking spaces.
In green plants, chloroplasts are surrounded by two lipid-bilayer membranes.
Miguel Ã ngel GonzÃ lez (born 24 December, 1947) is a former Spanish football player.
She was said to be the most beautiful and intelligent woman in Japan.
The L&B used only coal-fired steam engines.
Some aspects of Wikipedia might seem shocking due to those long-term neophyte issues.
Phillips died in September 2002 at age 94.
Montcornet, Aisne is a commune.
Hermann GÃ ring had two brothers, Albert GÃ ring and Karl Ernst GÃ ring, and two sisters, Olga Therese Sophie GÃ ring and Paula Elisabeth Rosa GÃ ring.
When the amount of people in Ionia was last counted in 2000, there were 277 people living there.
One particular note (A-flat) is played again and again during the piece and sounds like raindrops to many listeners.
Each PokÃ mon has either one or two types.
His family moved often to so they could pay their rent.
Stockings that are similar to woman's stockings are also made as parts of sport uniforms.
In the city the population was spread out with 36.2 % under the age of 18, 11.3 % from 18 to 24, 27.0 % from 25 to 44, 16.1 % from 45 to 64, and 9.4 % who were 65 years of age or older.
Absinthe is now not only sold in Switzerland, but is once again distilled in its Val-de-Travers birthplace.
The historic railway station at Rolandseck now houses a museum devoted to the work of Hans Arp.
g, Poland) is a Polish chess Grandmaster.
Manchester City started the Premier League season with an away match. They beat Charlton 3 â'' 0.
Faust makes an arrangement with the devil : the devil will do everything that Faust wants while he is here on earth, In exchange Faust will serve the devil in hell.
After World War II, V12 engines were mostly replaced by turbojet and turboprop engines. These engines produced more power for their weight, and fewer problems in large aircraft.
Situated about 5 m south east of Charing Cross, it is covered by the London postcode district SE4.
For example, Herodotus mentions the word Spaka (dog ), still found in some Iranic languages.
Johnny Saxton (born July 4, 1930 in Newark, NJ) was an American boxer who won the welterweight championship.
The New Jersey Superior Court ruled that the law was improper because of it was too vague.
Being no longer capital of Westphalia, the city aligned itself with the Duke of Cleves.
Dietwil is a municipality of the district Muri in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.
According to the 2004 census (INE ), the municipality has a population of 1,702 inhabitants.
Leo is considered to be a'' masculine'', positive (extrovert) sign.
It is the county seat of Blaine County.
Terry Pratchett's Strata and Discworld novels (1983 onwards) are set on a flat, disc-shaped world resting on the backs of four huge elephants which are in turn standing on the back of an enormous turtle.
Alison Moyet (born Genevieve Alison Jane Moyet on 18 June 1961 ), is an English pop singer-songwriter noted for her bluesy voice.
By April 2009, Fred's YouTube subscription page had over one million subscribers, making him the most subscribed person on YouTube.
Jackals are monogamous (each male live with only a female ), and a pair defends its territory from other pairs. They mark the territory with urine and feces.
George VI remained as King of the United Kingdom and King of Pakistan until his death in 1952. Pakistan became a republic on 23 March 1956, so Elizabeth II was Queen of Pakistan for four years.
Even with well-sourced material, however, if you use it out of context or to advance a position that is not directly and explicitly supported by the source used, you as an editor are engaging in original research ; see below.
Sometimes Chili peppers are called pepperoni Pepperoni is a meat food that is sometimes sliced very thinly and put on pizza.
The Twittys and their friends, with two Aruban policemen, went to the Van der Sloot home looking for Holloway.
The Bronze Age is the time period when people made tools from a metal called bronze.
I Me Mine is also the title of Harrison's autobiography.
After retiring as a player, Busniuk became a coach.
These include the north Atlantic Ocean, the eastern and western parts of the Pacific Ocean (considered separately because tropical cyclones rarely form in the central Pacific ), the southwestern Pacific, the southwestern and southeastern Indian Oceans, and the northern Indian Ocean.
Other states of the German Empire created similar entities, named Kreishauptmannschaft (in Saxony) or Kreis (in Bavaria and WÃ 1\/4 rttemberg) (not to be confused with the Kreis or Landkreis today ).
The population of the district, according to the 1998 Census, was 725,000, and according to a 1999 projection, the population had risen to almost 741,000.
During World War II, Horowitz also played a lot of Russian music, giving the first performances in America of Prokofiev's Piano Sonatas Nos. 6, 7 and 8 (which were called'' War Sonatas'') and Kabalevsky's Piano Sonatas Nos. 2 and 3.
Huxley came from the distinguished Huxley family.
The Allies began to work together in Siberia in August 1918.
Du PrÃ died in 1987.
The main Balearic islands are Mallorca (also called in English Majorca ), Minorca, Eivissa or Ibiza, and Formentera.
Neuville-Bourjonval is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.
Yeats wrote,'' Rhetoric is fooling others.
20 Massalia is a big and fairly bright Main belt asteroid.
Joice is a city of Iowa in the United States.
The game had several sequels, with the franchise earning more than $ 1 billion in sales ; the third game was the best-selling game in North America in 2007.
Young Komodo dragons live in trees, where they are safe from adult Komodo dragons and other animals that might eat them.
The claim of epilepsy is countered among some medical historians by a claim of hypoglycemia, which can cause epileptoid seizures.
He is best known for his career in the World Wrestling Federation, which lasted from October 1995 to February 1998.
La Capelle-l Ã s-Boulogne is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.
Cosenza Calcio 1914 is a football club which plays in Italy.
Tommy Hawk sometimes participates in the T-shirt toss and puck chuck with the fans.
With version 8, it also blocks access to sites known to host malware.
The two numbers are separated by a comma ; the words'' year'' and'' day'' are plural when appropriate.
That message gives the impression that the file servers are'' too busy'' to respond, but if a user is running many templates, then trying later would give the same result.
Balls are struck back and forth with a wooden cylinder, called bracciale, worn over the forearm, if carelessly played, a broken arm can result : in fact bracciale weighs 2 or 1 kilogram.
Aleknagik is a city in Alaska.
Yeshey Tsogyal was the main person who wrote down and collected Padmasambhava's teachings. She also terma most of the hidden teachings called termas.
Port-Brillet is a commune of 1 814 people (1999 ). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.
The OHA was started on 5 November 2007 by Google and 34 other companies. The companies included mobile phone manufacturers, application developers, mobile network operators and processor makers.
Meeting with Nobel prize winners Amartya Sen and Kenneth Arrow, and reading the work of John Rawls, whom he met during that year, gave Professor Phelps an interest to research outside of macroeconomics.
Proper animal husbandry is the most significant factor in captive lifespan.
'' The contract linking T-Mobile to Pevenage has been retrospectively stopped on 30 June,'' the team's general manager, Olaf Ludwig, said.
It reasoned that Daubert was expressly limited only to scientific expert testimony and did not apply to'' skill - or experience-based observation.''
Rocco Francis Marchegiano, better known as Rocky Marciano (September 1, 1923 â'' August 31, 1969 ), was an American boxer. Marciano was the World Heavyweight Boxing Champion from 1952 until 1956.
You can still use this module by following the instructions at AutoEd\/Customization.
Their'' Total Metal'' approach is somewhere between fellow NWOBHM bands such as MotÃ rhead and Venom, punk rock bands such as The Dickies, and early Exodus or Slayer.
Over the following 70 or 80 million years the rate of evolution accelerated by an order of magnitude, as defined in terms of the extinction and origination rate of species. The diversity of life began to resemble that of today.
Over the ten years, he wrote many short stories and articles. These were published in well-known magazines including Harper's Monthly Magazine and the Saturday Evening Post.
The third one makes the southern border of the canton and comes together with the HÃ rnli mountain in the pre-Alps.
This era lasted from February 1264 to April 1275.
With Leonardo da Vinci and Michelangelo, he is one of the greatest painters of the High Renaissance.
The Golden Poison Dart Frog is so poisonous that is can kill 10 humans!
In 1963, Charles O. Finley changed his Kansas City Athletics home and road uniforms. They were changed to the colors of gold and green.
Kosuke Harada (born 21 December 1977) is a former Japanese football player.
In April 1908 Mandelstam decided to enter the Sorbonne to study literature and philosophy, but he left the following year to attend the University of Heidelberg.
It headed northward, and on the 13th, it hit Tampa Bay as a major hurricane.
In August 2 1963, by decree 11.608, was created the Men's High School of Santa Cruz, after a proposal by the Rotary Club of the city and the Governor of the Department of Santa Cruz, Carlos Cardoen.
It was founded first as the Valley satellite campus of California State University, Los Angeles and adopted its current name of California State University, Northridge in 1972.
Aphaenogaster is a genus of myrmicine ants.
Further contributing to the decline is the lack of innovation in the genre, as such games have not changed their basic play model over their last several games, leading to consumers becoming less likely to buy additional titles.
Other punctuation such as'' 4) Vesta'' and'' 4, Vesta'' was also used, but had more or less completely died out by 1949.
A total of 69 -600 s have been delivered with no unfilled orders as of 2009.
An interactive whiteboard is the modern version of the traditional boards used in schools. A large interactive display is connected to a computer and a projector.
Indeed, he states that'' a completely new (ecology) which corresponds in every way to (humanity's) desires... could, theoretically, prove as durable as that which would have existed without his intervention'' p36.
It is not Windows XP Embedded which is NT-based.
They are often involved in teaching anatomy, and research into certain systems, organs, tissues or cells.
Blessed art thou among women, and blessed is the fruit of thy womb, Jesus.
They are sensory organs.
The eight top teams in each conference enter the playoff elimination tournament to determine the Stanley Cup champion.
This made it one of the largest unitary states in history and one of the few states to ever extend direct rule over three continents (Africa, Europe, and Asia ).
She won the event with 193.45 points, which was more than 20 points ahead of Yukari Nakano of Japan, who won the silver medal.
New species have been created by domesticated animal husbandry, but the initial dates and methods are not clear.
He became a Lieutenant in the German Army during World War I, and he won the Iron Cross.
It was the first plant genome to be sequenced, completed in 2000 by the Arabidopsis Genome Initiative.
Oakland Acres is a city of Iowa in the United States.
In 2007, New Line Cinema and Castle Rock Entertainment collaborated on Fracture, their first joint venture since the mid-1990s before both companies were bought by Turner.
Usually, no parables are associated with the Gospel of John, just allegories.
Didgeridoos can also be made from PVC pipes, non-native hard woods (which are split, hollowed and rejoined ), fiberglass, metal, agave, clay, hemp (a bioplastic named zelfo ), and even carbon fiber.
, two Team Rocket operatives named Jessie and James, along with a talking Meowth, have tried to steal his first PokÃ mon, Pikachu as well as many others, but have always failed.
Wikipedia is not paper and has no need to work towards a deadline.
Oakham is a town in Rutland, England.
Voltage is the change in electric potential (meaning potential energy per unit charge) between two positions.
After Bassermann's death in 1917, Stresemann succeeded him as party leader.
Kittanning is a borough and the county seat of Armstrong County, Pennsylvania, United States.
Accessing files marked as such will prompt the user to make an explicit trust decision to execute the file, as executables originating from the Internet can be potentially unsafe.
On August 3, Hurricane Alex came within 10 miles of North Carolina.
The cardinality of a set is the cardinal number that tells how many things are in the set.
After he died, people followed' Abdu' l-Bah Ã. BahÃ' u'll Ã h had written that' Abdu' l-Bah Ã had special powers, and that God would make sure that if' Abdu' l-Bah Ã explained anything that BahÃ' u'll Ã h said, then the BahÃ' Ã s should believe that explanation.
The team raced with moderate success, scoring a podium in each leg of the Spa round in June 2006.
The Westside Journal, an independent newspaper, is published by Florida Sun Printing, and is available for free through the mail and usually features submitted stories.
In 1955, Metropolitan Cammell produced its first lightweight Diesel multiple units, the prototypes of what were to become British Rail's most successful and longest-lived First Generation DMU type, the Class 101.
She started with lessons from her mother, who composed little pieces with little drawings. Then, when she was five, she went to the London Violoncello School.
Additional items can easily be added to the template if needed.
With the help of his new Glatorian and Agori friends he exposes a traitor known as Metus and defeats the Skrall and Bone Hunters.
Tree bark is often used as a mulch and in growing media for container plants.
The United States Secretary of Labor is the head of the Department of Labor who exercises control over the department and enforces and suggests laws involving unions, the workplace and all other issues involving any form of business-person controversies.
Lamoni is a city of Iowa in the United States.
With UDP, computer applications can send messages, sometimes known as datagrams, to other hosts on an Internet Protocol (IP) network without requiring other communications to set up special transmission channels or data paths.
Tomoki Ikemoto (born 27 March 1985) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Giravanz Kitakyushu.
GÃ rnik Zabrze is one of the most successful Polish football clubs, based in Zabrze, Poland. They started in 1948.
kerfeldt had to convince the label :'' I had to lie somewhat... saying that we could do this recording very soon, it wo n't cost more than a regular single album''.
Key lime pie is an American dessert made of key lime juice, egg yolks, and sweetened condensed milk in a pie crust.
country of origin and native land) is the concept of the territory (cultural geography) to which an ethnic group holds a long history and a deep cultural association with. It's the country in which a particular national identity began.
Black pepper and Sichuan pepper cause similar burning sensations. These are caused they by different substances though â'' piperine and hydroxy-alpha-sanshool, respectively.
The muniment room above, three bays of the aisle and two flying buttresses were also destroyed in the blast.
Dog River, Deer River, and East Fowl River empty into the western side of the bay, and Fish River is across the bay on the eastern shore.
Rafael Nadal defeated Novak Djokovic 6 -- 4, 5 -- 7, 6 -- 4, 6 -- 2 to win his first US Open title.
A trench is a small building made of concrete that is dug into the ground partway.
Port Zante, located in the center of the bay, lies on 15 a of land reclaimed from the sea in 1995.
It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France.
These powers, along with the powers to dissolve (or refuse to dissolve) parliament (Section 5, Section 57 ), are termed'' reserve powers''. The use of these powers is by convention.
Wizard's First Rule is a book written by Terry Goodkind. It is the first book in the epic fantasy series called The Sword of Truth.
'' You're My Heart, You're My Soul'' is known as the best selling single of the duo. It sold over 8 million copies.
Moseley and Popplewell came from the very start of casting, whilst Henley and Keynes were rather late.
Imperial Court in Kyoto was the government of Japan from 794 AD until the Meiji Era, in which the court was moved to Tokyo.
She also said that the popular domestic novels written in the 19th century, like Uncle Tom's Cabin, had'' intellectual complexity, ambition, and resourceful''. She also said that Uncle Tom's Cabin shows a'' critique of American society far more devastating than any delivered (gvien) by better-known critics such as Hawthorne and Melville.''
Danbury is a city of Iowa in the United States.
White tea, green tea, oolong, pu-erh tea and black tea are all harvested from this species, but are processed differently to attain different levels of oxidation.
Public health intervention prevents rather than treats a disease through surveillance of cases and promotes healthy behaviors such as hand washing, vaccination programs and distribution of condoms.
The Three Caballeros is a 1944 animated movie produced by Walt Disney and distributed by RKO Radio Pictures.
Logan Keller The main protagonist in Rainbow Six : Vegas, Keller is seen in the opening level of the game.
Lamone is a municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
The manuscript became his book Behind the Mirror.
Kristopher Versteeg (born May 13, 1986 in Lethbridge, Alberta, Canada) is a professional Canadian ice hockey player in the National Hockey League (NHL) that currently plays for the Philadelphia Flyers as a Right wing.
Yonsei University is one of the top three universities in South Korea. It is private and one of the oldest universities in Korea.
An important characeristic of dipoles is their dipole moment, which is a vector quantity with both a magnitude and direction.
Organizers (the people who run the race) were able to keep the sand off the track by spraying an adhesive (glue) on the sand around the track.
Columbus is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
Each major city has daily newspapers, and there are two national daily newspapers, The Australian and The Australian Financial Review.
He also remarks that the sound is'' spot on... as per usual.''
Males had a median income of $ 25,982 versus $ 19,991 for females.
Amersham Station is also served by Chiltern Railways, which runs trains between London Marylebone and Aylesbury.
\* (HÐ Î Ä Ä È Ê Ê á cents á á á á Ð Ò cents Ó Ó Î -- á 1\/4 á 1\/4 á 1\/4 á 1\/4'' á 1\/4 á 1\/4 á 1\/4 á 1\/4 á Ð Î -- á 3\/4 + â' Å Å â Ô Ñ Ò'' Å Æ --! )
ConcepciÃ n currently has four traditional universities :
In 1994, the band won a Grammy for'' Best Hard Rock Performance'' for their song'' Plush''.
jpg thumb (464x599) px right Suze Orman) ) Susan Lynn Orman, better known as Suze Orman, is an American financial advisor, author and television host. She hosts The Suze Orman Show on CNBC.
Trang used to be a port involved in foreign trade.
Shingo Kunieda def.
See the example below for details.
Kisean Anderson (born February 3, 1990) better known by his stage name Sean Kingston, is a Jamaican American reggae singer and rapper.
Petr (Peter) Shelokhonov (August 15, 1929 in Belarus - September 15 1999, St. Petersburg, Russia) was a Russian actor and director.
Kundar River is located in Balochistan, Pakistan.
She placed fourth in the long program scoring 114.19 points, and finished the third one with 186.14 points behind Miki Ando and Mao Asada of Japan.
Allstars' first album, Shake Hands With Shorty, was nominated for a Grammy for'' Best Contemporary Blues Album''.
Entity types are related to each other using 1 : N mapping, also known as one-to-many relationships.
In the Origin Darwin had deliberately avoided tackling human evolution, except for a sentence :'' Light will be thrown on the origin of man and his history''.
Uncle of the following three dukes
Burhou (pronounced bu-ROO) is a small island approximately northwest of Alderney that is part of the Channel Islands.
'' This is the first thought, his image ; she became the womb of everything, for it is she who is prior to them all, the Mother-Father, the first man (Anthropos ), the holy Spirit, the thrice-male, the thrice-powerful, the thrice-named androgynous one, and the eternal aeon among the invisible ones, and the first to come forth.''
Mount St. Helens showed important new activity on March 8, 2005, when a 36,000-foot (11,000 m) plume of steam and ash came from the volcano.
It is likely that until relatively recent times the Isles were much larger with many of them joined into one island, named Ennor.
As of 1998, he was a research fellow at the Centre for Social Studies (CESOC) in Santiago, Chile.
During a battle game at the camp, Annabeth and Percy find an entrance into the Labyrinth.
It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France.
Bidatsu suffered from an unknown disease which afflicted him with sores. Probably, he was the first royal victim of smallpox in Japan.
On 23 June 2009, the Beijing procuratorate (a government officer who investigates crimes) approved Liu Xiaobo's arrest on charges of'' suspicion of inciting subversion of state power,'' a crime under Article 105 of the Law of the People's Republic of China.
Leopoldsburg is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Limburg.
It is also a suite of free software published by Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) that implements this protocol.
Logical disjunction is a concept from Logic.
The organist can choose whether to play loud pipes or soft pipes, flute-sounding pipes or brassy pipes, sweet pipes or harsh-sounding pipes.
The single was a success, but it failed to achieve a Silver or better certification in the UK. The previous 11 British Oasis singles had reached this level of certification.
Female actress' voiced Gumby. New episodes were added in 1962, and Dallas McKennon became the voice of Gumby.
Maupas is a commune of the Aube dÃ partement in the north-central part of France.
It also replaced a station called Mile End which was located on the eastern side of Cambridge Heath Road with a station immediately to the west of the new junction called Bethnal Green Junction.
He has played for Japan national team.
Tournon-sur-Rh Ã ne is a commune of the ArdÃ che dÃ partement, in France.
Annie Payson Call (1853-1940) was an American writer.
Osage County is the largest county in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.
In cryptography, linear cryptanalysis is a general form of cryptanalysis based on finding affine approximations to the action of a cipher.
Å 1\/2 eljko MilinoviÄ (born 12 October 1969) is a former Slovenian football player.
A weather radar is a type of radar used to show where precipitation is. Weather radar can tell the movement of precipitation, what type it is (rain, snow, hail, etc. ), and forecast its future.
On May 20, 1873, Strauss and Jacob Davis received United States patent # 139121 for using copper rivets to strengthen the pockets of denim work pants.
The FBI and Fox News use Usama bin Laden. Often the name is abbreviated to UBL.
This led to the college's becoming a well-known college by November 9, 1965.
Dolores Claiborne is a 1995 film in which Kathy Bates plays the title character. Also starring in the film is Jennifer Jason Leigh.
Union Springs is a city in and the county seat of Bullock County, Alabama, United States.
The Rubinstein Memorial tournament in his honor has been held annually since 1963 in Polanica Zdroj, with a glittering list of top-flight winners.
For linking individual elements can be linked in the following manner.
Follies began as decorative accents on the great estates of the late 16th and early 17th centuries but they flourished especially in the two centuries which followed.
They do this to remove ectoparasites, keep them in good condition, and waterproof them.
Grabowski was the leader of the Warsaw Esperanto Society and the Polish Esperanto society for a long time. In 1908, he became the director of the Grammar Section of the Esperanto Academy.
For a individual person, information security has a big effect on privacy, which is viewed very differently by people in different cultures.
She is especially remembered for her singing of the music of Mozart and Richard Strauss, but she also sang in other composers' operas ; the title role in Puccini's Madama Butterfly, Marie in Alban Berg's Wozzeck, Eva in Der Meistersinger von NÃ 1\/4 rnberg, Blanche in Poulenc's Dialogues des CarmÃ lites, and the title role in JanÃ Ä ek's KÃ Å a KabanovÃ.
Not knowing what to do, she took her friend Lincoln Steffens' advice and in 1921 traveled to Poland and Russia serving as a correspondent for the American Friends Service Committee.
Choline was discovered by Andreas Strecker in 1864.
Miles won the British Chess Championship only once, in 1982.
Growth slowed somewhat in the 1970s. A series of budget cuts made it clear that Auburn's economic concentration on Auburn University put the city in a bad position.
The letter asked everyone to give ideas for this and to offer him help Dr. Yunus started a political group called Citizens' Power (Nagorik Shakti) on 18 February 2007.
Herent is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
Offenhauser's turbocharged engines first came to Indianapolis in 1966. Their first victorie came in 1968 using a Garrett AiResearch turbocharger.
Known as one of the most destructive hurricanes to affect the United States during the first half of the 19th century, the Bay St. Louis Hurricane caused severe damage across Alabama, Louisiana, and Mississippi, leaving behind the remains of shattered buildings and uprooted trees.
Matt Busby is a former football player.
They also eat fried chicken with deep-fried basil leaves.
The Green River Formation contains the largest oil shale deposits in the world.
The Minster has a wide, Decorated Gothic nave (where the congregation sits) and Chapter house.
Red phosphorus can burn but needs to be ignited. Phosphorus reacts with the halogens to make phosphorus halides.
The track would be built in the Gurgaon, on recommendation by architect Hermann Tilke.
Miller made his second debut for the club on 30 July 2008 in a UEFA Champions League qualifier gainst FBK Kaunas.
Okapis eat mostly leaves and buds from trees, but also grass, ferns, fruit, and fungi.
During the event, Twitter usage increased from 20,000 tweets per day to 60,000.
A street was named'' rue du Commandant Cousteau'' in a street which runs near his native house, where a commemorative plaque was affixed.
All religions except Christianity were banned in 391 AD by an edict of Emperor Theodosius I.
Melee is for the Nintendo GameCube. The sequel is called Super Smash Bros..
In 1931 Edgar Cayce founded the Association for Research and Enlightenment, Inc. (A.R.E.) headquartered in Virginia Beach, Virginia. Today there are Edgar Cayce Centers in 18 other countries throughout the world.
They travel to the Garden of Hesperides, where ZoÃ'' meets her sisters and is poisoned by the dragon Ladon.
But the incendiary Green turned out to be a fine replacement.''
Wolbachia is a genus of bacteria which infects arthropod species, including a high proportion of insects.
Dobele is a town in Latvia with town rights since 1917.
He was married to Ingrid Quinn from June 7, 1997 to October 1999. He married actress and model Jaime Bergman on November 24, 2001.
Kew Jaliens (born 15 September 1978) is a Dutch football player.
Estevelles is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.
Saint-C Ã nerÃ is a commune of 459 people (1999 ). It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the Mayenne department in the northwest of France.
It was held in Glasgow between April and September 1988.
It has an area of 3,844 kmÂ which is divided into four administrative districts (arrondissements in French) containing 84 municipalities.
It has mercury and bromide ions in it.
Choron also garnered fame for his dishes containing elephant : Trompe dâ Ã lÃ phant in sauce chasseur and Ã lÃ phant bourguignon.
Reconstruction began almost immediately. President James Monroe moved into the partially reconstructed house in October 1817.
It is a part of Uptown West Palm, which also includes Riviera Beach & West Palm Beach.
Accordingly, DVDs are labeled as either PAL or NTSC. This labeling is informally referring to the line count and frame rate even though technically the European discs do not have PAL composite color.
However, it was around this time that signs of schizophrenia became apparent to members of the company.
Therefore, the term'' cryptosystem'' is most often used when the key generation algorithm is important.
He has been called â the founder of French tragedyâ and produced plays for nearly forty years.
The following events are Pay-per-view events held by World Wrestling Entertainment.
Many countries' public telephone networks have a single emergency telephone number, sometimes known as the universal emergency telephone number or the emergency services number.
It was created from part of the former province of Franche-Comt Ã.
JoÃ # o Moutinho (born 8 September 1986) is a Portuguese football player.
His first work, the Bauernspiegel, appeared in 1837.
Originally hailing from Brandon, Manitoba, Pip is known in underground hip hop circles for his distinctive gravel-throated vocals, as well as his clever writing, and angry delivery.
Berrieux is a commune. It is found in the region Picardie in the Aisne department in the north of France.
The President is directly elected by a two-round system for a five-year term (since 2004, after the Constitution was modified in 2003 ).
His other prose maintains this humor.
In 2005, Benson worked with artist Jamie McKelvie on a short story for the Image Comics collection Four Letter Worlds.
The Scottish National Party was founded in 1934.
Wilson's Storm-petrel (Oceanites oceanicus ), also known as Wilson's Petrel, is a small seabird of the storm-petrel family.
Saint-Nizier-le-D Ã sert is a commune.
She sent a list of suspicious questions to her sister, Anne, about the boy's birth.
In the qiblah wall, usually at its center, is the mihrab, a niche or depression showing the direction of Mecca.
Talladega is approximately 50 miles east of Birmingham, Alabama.
In sum, an individual has an advantage if it is in the larger of two groups (assuming that the probability of detection and attack does not increase disproportionately with the size of the group ).
The special ends with Michael and Cory going to tell their parents about his drug problem, while Pooh jumps into a poster on the wall with the other cartoon characters.
Jonathan was not there at the time.
In 1960, Botvinnik was convincingly beaten 8 Â 1\/2 -12 Â 1\/2 at Moscow by Tal, now 23 years old, but again exercised his right to a rematch in 1961, and won by 13 â'' 8 in Moscow.
Text files usually contain plain text and not binary data.
Louis Daniel Armstrong (usually pronounced'' Louee'') (August 4, 1901 â'' July 6, 1971) (also known by the nicknames Satchmo and Pops) was an American jazz musician.
This command can only be sent by IRC Operators.
After returning to camp, Danielle told Terry she was worried that if they were in the final three with Courtney, she thought he would pick Courtney to go to the final two with because she was less popular.
This template is used in.
It will be created by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko.
Subcategories look similar to'' Bazian-language surnames''.
In Natural Capitalism, 1999, Paul Hawken, Amory Lovins and Hunter Lovins advanced an argument to assign the value of Earth in current currency.
It was found by a team of astronomers from the University of Hawaii led by Scott S. Sheppard in 2001, and given the designation'.
Contoire is a commune in the Somme department in Picardie in northern France.
Seasons 1, 2, 3, 5 were half hour shows.
The Saugor and Nerbudda Territories were attached to the North-Western Provinces, which included the British Dominions in the southern part of present-day Uttar Pradesh state.
It was called the'' Nevada Territory''. This was not all of Nevada as it is today.
The village was by-passed by the Federal Highway in 1988.
Every season of the World Hockey Association had an All-Star game, but the format had changed with regularity.
Compressors are similar to pumps : both increase the pressure on a fluid and both can transport the fluid through a pipe.
The true parrots are about 330 species of bird belonging to the Psittacidae family, one of the two families in the biological order Psittaciformes (parrots ). The other family is the Cacatuidae (cockatoos) which are also parrots, but not classified as true parrots.
He joined them there after World War II, in 1949, joining the military in the 1950s.
In 1975, the LSO gave him the title of conductor laureate.
She was also the Colonel-in-Chief of two British Army units and one Rhodesian Army unit.
The stadium hosted Super Bowl XLII in 2008.
However, an expert on climate change is welcome to contribute to articles on that subject, even if that editor is deeply committed to the subject.
Riordan is the multi-award-winning author of the Tres Navarre mystery series for adults ; his The Maze of Bones reached number one on the New York Times Best Seller list on September 28, 2008.
With the Matabele war over, Burnham and his family left Africa and returned to California.
Please think carefully before changing it, and make sure you explain your change in your edit summary.
This setup of turbos is normally called a parallel twin-turbo system.
I just stick on a beard and play me, so it's no great feat.
Stretching, in its most basic form, is a natural and instinctive activity ; it is done by many animals including humans.
The museum has many rare and important aircraft and other exhibits, including one of four surviving Convair B-36s, the only surviving XB-70 Valkyrie, and Bockscar -- the B-29 Superfortress that dropped the second atomic bomb in World War II.
The series was ranked first on Nickelodeon in Germany, Indonesia, Malaysia, Belgium, and Colombia.
The storm probably died out on October 23.
Way said to Rolling Stone,'' We love bands like Queen, where it's huge and majestic, but also bands like Black Flag and the Misfits, who would go absolutely crazy.''
Dufay was buried in the chapel of St. Etienne in the cathedral of Cambrai ; his portrait was carved onto his tombstone.
Lowari Pass (or Lowari Top) (el.
Conoidasida is a class of protists, It contains one order, Eucoccidiorida.
There are many nude beaches found around the world.
It was found from the images taken by Voyager 2 on 1986-01-03, and was given the designation S\/1986 U 2.
MÃ 1\/4 ller has been an internationally well-known author since the early 1990s, and her works have been translated into more than 20 languages.
The Count and Figaro climb up a ladder to the balcony and enter the room through a window.
West Bengal (Bengali : à à à à à à à à à à à -- à, à à 3\/4 à à) is a state in eastern Republic of India, and its capital is Kolkata.
The plant plays a significant role in traditional Andean culture.
Igbo speak the Igbo language.
Reginald Punnett was born in 1875 in the town of Tonbridge in Kent, England.
He is driving the number 33 General Mills\/BB & T\/The Hartford Chevrolet Impala in the Sprint Cup Series.
Alonsa is a community in Manitoba, Canada.
In addition to his improved batting average, Robinson stole 37 bases that season, was second place in the league for both doubles and triples, and had 124 runs batted in with 122 runs scored.
They got into the bank and held up the bank manager, Scott, and his two tellers (bank workers ).
The Jura wines are very distinctive and unusual wines, such as vin jaune, which is made by a similar process to sherry. It develops under a flor of yeast.
Ross County F.C. are a Scottish professional football team who currently play in the Scottish Football League. They play their home matches at Victoria Park in the Highland town of Dingwall, Ross and Cromarty.
The keystone of the British defense was the detection, command, and control which ran the battle.
The Rover 600 Series is a car produced by Rover.
Both shows, although produced in New Zealand using mostly local actors who strove for American accents, were syndicated worldwide.
Special education teachers in resource rooms focus on the goals set by an Individualized Education Program.
If the data changed in the backing store, the copy in the cache will be out of date, or stale.
The draw for the quarter-finals, semi-finals and final, which was conducted by UEFA General Secretary David Taylor and Denis Law, the ambassador for the final in Manchester, was held on Friday, 14 March 2008 at 14:00 CET in Nyon, Switzerland.
Most of the partyâ s money is from grants made by the retail co-operative societies, and from the fee charged for managing the political affairs of Co-operatives UK, formerly known as the Co-operative Union.
Henriette did not strengthen as expected.
Two Jedi, Qui-Gon Jinn and Obi-Wan Kenobi, find Anakin and help him.
Chaserey is a commune of the Aube dÃ partement in the north-central part of France.
Marzahn-Hellersdorf is in northeast Berlin. It has borders with Lichtenberg in the west, Treptow-K Ã penick in the south and the state of Brandenburg in the east and north.
On July 24th of 2008, Kara came back with two new members, Goo Hara and Jiyoung.
However, in 2003, pictures taken by the Hubble Space Telescope managed to pick up an object where Perdita was supposed to be, finally confirming its existence.
After the show, fourth-place finisher Elisabeth Filarski went on to co-host talk show The View.
: German : Der Lange-Annoying-Name-der-Dinge That font-size will shrink the text somewhat : German : Der Lange-Annoying-Name-der-Dinge.
The Tatar language is a Turkic language that is spoken by Tatar people. The Tatar language is the official language of Tatarstan.
In the courts of Europe, particularly Versailles and Whitehall in the 17th and 18th centuries, a mistress often had great power and influence.
The Jamot Qomi movememt was founded by Mir Gul Hassan Manjhoo Let to provide a political platform for the Jamot people of Balochistan in 1996 in Dera Murad Jamali.
They have been seen in what some have described as play : repeatedly releasing bottles or toys into a circular current in their aquariums and then catching them.
There are 292 households out of which 33.2 % have children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.2 % are married couples living together, 9.2 % is a single women, and 29.5 % are not families.
The last time it was greatly changed was the fourth edition ('' DSM-IV'' ), published in 1994, but small changes to text were made in a 2000 version.
He has accepted the punishment meted out by the federation. Oda was fined Â 100,000, which he immediately paid.
They are usually in shades of green or brown or with bands.
He sold what little he owned and, in 1893, left by ship to Cape Town, South Africa with his wife and young son.
Technical terminology is the specialized vocabulary of a field.
It is particularly famous in France, where it is added to omelettes, salads and soups.
NBA TV offers basketball news every day, as well as programming showcasing basketball players' individual lifestyles, life as a basketball team during an NBA season, famous games of the past, and live games typically four days a week during the NBA season.
Habarcq is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.
Many concerts showcased elaborate lighting and individualised screens reminiscent of U2's Elevation Tour and Nine Inch Nails' Fragility Tour.
Carla killed 43 people, 31 of them in Texas.
After a reporter informed him of the show's views, Jones initially refused to say he was sorry.
The Youth Olympic Games were created by IOC president Jacques Rogge in 2001 and approved during the 119th meeting of the IOC.
From the mid-eighteenth century, the East India Company began to keep armies at each of its three main stations, or â Presidenciesâ, in India at Calcutta (Bengal ), Madras and Bombay.
The endangered Bermuda Petrel, better known as the Cahow, was threatened by the hurricane, which destroyed ten nests, although volunteer work transported the species to a safer location.
It was the first year of the 2nd millennium and of the 11th century.
During the same year, she worked with Christopher Golden and AJ (Ajit Jothikaumar) of Dark Horse Comics to create the Buffy the Vampire Slayer : Willow and Tara comic books titled Wilderness # 1 and Wilderness # 2.
Problems with heart disease and diabetes made Robinson weak. He was almost blind by middle age.
Before the end of the year, however, Roman forces had moved north to occupy Dausara and Nicephorium on the northern, Parthian bank.
When one speaks of alternating current one mostly refers to the form in which electricity is delivered to businesses and residences.
The taqiyah cap may vary in shape, size or color just as the hijab does, with many regional differences according to tradition and personal taste.
The circuit hosts the NISMO Festival for historic Nissan racers.
At camp, Percy tells Nico about Bianca's death ; he sprints into the woods.
It is made by reacting ammonia with sodium to make sodium amide.
In 1953, they left the Soviet Zone to escape from the communist regime.
In Plato's view, the entire Cosmos spun around the sphere, fixed in the center.
On April 4, 1984 the President of United States, Ronald Reagan called for a worldwide ban on chemical weapons.
Duroplast is a resin plastic made up mixing formica and bakelite reinforced with fibers (either cotton or wool) or glass fibers.
AbÃ chÃ is a city in Chad. It is the capital city of the OuaddaÃ prefecture.
H-1 goes from Route 93 (Farrington Highway) in Kapolei to Route 72 (Kalanianaole Highway) in KÄ hala.
Arcbishop Sapieha, in August 1944, was forced to operate the seminary in secret due the Nazi invasion of KrakÃ w ; he moved his seminarians (including the future Pope John Paul II, Karol WojtyÅ a) into his episcopal residence to finish their training.
Lady Gaga will release a new album called Born This Way, on May 23, 2011. At midnight on New Years 2011, she said on her Twitter and Facebook pages that a new single would come out on February 13.
During the census of 2000, there were 990 people in the city. 336 households, and 257 families were present there.
Natalee, we know, she drank all day every day.
However, the government authorities did not act against PHR.
Little Green Bag is a 1969 song written by Jan Visser and George Baker, and recorded by the George Baker Selection.
All wrestlers belonged to the Raw brand â'' a storyline division in which WWE assigned its employees to a different program, the other two being SmackDown!
The city had two areas : the hurin and hanan, which were further divided to each be part of two of the four provinces of the Inca Empire : Chinchasuyu (NW ), Antisuyu (NE ), Cuntisuyu (SW ), and Collasuyu (SE ).
Jacques Rougeau Jr. (born June 13, 1960 in Saint-Sulpice, Quebec) is a semi-retired Canadian professional wrestler who is best known for wrestling with WWF and WCW under his name and under the ring name, The Mountie.
Britain was next and Mansell, roared on by his home fans, took pole with Senna second, Berger third, Boutsen fourth, Prost fifth and Alesi sixth.
Mossflower is a fantasy book that was written in 1988 by Brian Jacques.
Difference in political outlook, and FitzGerald's ambitions for the Fine Gael leadership resulted in profound tensions between the two men.
The current series was founded by Indianapolis Motor Speedway owner Tony George. It began in 1996 as a competitor to CART known as the Indy Racing League (IRL ).
A Harris Poll released in 2007 placed Wayne third among America's favorite film stars, the only star who has died on the list and the only one who has appeared on the poll every year.
However, that did not happen, and Gordon actually strengthened a little bit while moving northeastward and became better organized.
According to one account, Ardashir and Artabanus fought in close combat on horseback.
The Western Meadowlark is the state bird of Kansas, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota, Oregon and Wyoming.
Now there are translations in English and many other languages.
According to the US Census Bureau persons with doctorates in the United States had an average income of roughly $ 81,400.
Unable to solve the issue, the President Oscar Venturino fielded the club's third division on the semifinal at Rosario.
Lithium is used as an anode in the lithium battery.
In the 20th century, the building of major irrigation areas in the Murray and Murrumbidgee valleys has led to the introduction of crops such as rice and grapes.
Lord and Lady Athlone had a coastal beach house constructed at Muizenberg, which still stands today and is one of South Africa's national monuments.
Wet boxer contests are also held in gay bars.
Throughout the United States, there are schools which offer Arabic language classes ; there are also some Eastern Orthodox churches which hold Arabic services.
Peter Houston (born 19 July 1958 in Baillieston) is a former Scottish footballer.
Claesson was born on June 2, 1928 in Huddinge, south of Stockholm.
Women had a high status in ancient Egypt and enjoyed the legal right to own, inherit, or will property.
There were 35,634 people living in Oconto county as of the year 2000.
The 2006 â'' 07 season started on 1 October 2006 at Circuit Park Zandvoort, and the last race at Brands Hatch on 29 April 2007.
Her next film role was in Shawn Levy's comedy Date Night. The film focuses on a married couple, played by Fey and Steve Carell, who go on a date.
Berlin was divided into West Berlin and East Berlin after World War II.
This includes all natural and human accidents and errors and is calculated from about 160,000 trips Shinkansen made.
He would be the first of four captains to lead the Oilers to the Stanley Cup finals, in 1983, where they lost to the New York Islanders.
The group who graded his work included Erich Rothacker and Oskar Becker.
Karl Wilhelm von NÃ geli (27 March 1817 â'' 11 May 1891) was a Swiss botanist.
Savignac, Gironde is a commune. It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.
With another thirteen win season in 1923 â'' 24, the Canadiens reached the NHL playoffs, where they again faced the Ottawa Senators.
Saint Bertold has traditionally been associated with the founding of the order, but few clear records of early Carmelite history have survived and this is likely to be a later invention.
She helped a lot of wounded soldiers during the Crimean War to get better.
The primary characters are friends Maxwell Kane, a large, very slow, but kind-hearted kid and his friend Kevin Avery, nicknamed â Freak, â who is physically crippled but very intelligent.
The San Francisco Chronicle is a newspaper that serves the San Francisco Bay Area of California.
Swiftweasel is a free and fully open source build of Mozilla Firefox.
The predominant feud on the SmackDown!
Ã quihen-Plage is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.
Presocial behavior is much more common in the animal kingdom than complete eusociality.
In the 16th century, the Spanish viceroy Philibert van Oranje destroyed L'Aquila again.
The fossil is 10 c in length and virtually complete.
The letters are written properly in capital letters. The word ZIP was chosen to suggest that the mail travels more efficiently, and more quickly, when senders use it.
Dr. Martin Luther King, Junior (January 15, 1929 â'' April 4, 1968) was a famous American. He fought for civil rights.
Stephan Engels (born 6 September, 1960) is a former German football player.
In 1891 Thomas married a woman who was an heiress to a large amount of money. Having this money allowed him to hire mammal collectors and to give their specimens to the museum.
Here's the Limited's'' right'' template :
Some well known versions are Gmail, Windows Live Mail and Yahoo!
The term thesis may also be used for the central claim of an essay or similar work.
Damselflies are insects in the order Odonata. Damselflies are similar to dragonflies, but in a separate suborder, the Zygoptera.
The first specimen was collected in the 1970s, and later described in 1983.
As a result, pre-qualifying was not needed.
This metadata template provides for automatic data gathering and cataloging.
Yuichi Nemoto (born 21 July 1981) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Zweigen Kanazawa.
The band's music has been called'' meditative'' and'' blue romantic'' ; it'' (reflects) on their emotions'' and Martin'' endlessly examine (s) his feelings''.
A bathroom is where people can use the toilet, wash their hands, take a bath, or take a shower.
Tervuren is a municipality located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant.
Yes or no questions (Did he find it on the street ? )
Hot in the Shade is a studio album by the American hard rock\/heavy metal band Kiss.
WestJet was to be the Boeing launch customer for the 737-600 with winglets but announced in their Q2 2006 results that they were not going to move ahead with those plans.
Strength is considered in terms of compressive strength, tensile strength, and shear strength, namely the limit states of compressive stress, tensile stress and shear stress are looked at.
Fostoria is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Michelangelo Antonioni (September 29 1912 â'' July 30, 2007) was born in Rome, Italy. He was a film director.
As she recalled,'' So you had these challenged characters inhabiting a challenging world and that makes for great storytelling.
As a matter of fact most of the tuffs found in the older rock formations contain mixtures of clay, sand, and sometimes fossil shells, which prove that they were beds spread out under water.
Tsunami warning system or TWS detects tsunamis and issues warnings to prevent loss of life and property.
When he was thirteen, he was apprenticed to the painter Domenico Ghirlandaio.
Albatrosses have been described as'' the most legendary of all birds''.
Both intelligent patrons of literature and art, Anna Amalia and Charles Augustus attracted to their court the leading scholars in Germany, including Goethe, Schiller and Herder, and made Weimar an important cultural center.
$ 1 (HG) warn-summary-2 : Level 2 warning re.
In 2008 O'Donnell stated to camera'' We actually planned at the outset for Jimmy Smits to win, that was our..
Ziebach County is a county located in the U.S. state of South Dakota.
The Eastern Orthodox Church is a Christian church.
Hooker made plant collections at each location and while traveling drew these and specimens of algae and sea life pulled aboard using tow nets.
So-called' Greek Mills' used water wheels with a vertically mounted shaft.
The women's world record of 2.09 metres is held by Stefka Kostadinova. It was set in 1987.
In the late nineteenth century, the European powers occupied much of the continent, creating many colonial and dependent territories. They left only two fully independent states : Ethiopia (known to Europeans as'' Abyssinia'' ), and Liberia.
The term is sometimes used broadly to include injuries, disabilities, disorders, syndromes, infections, symptoms, deviant behaviors, and atypical variations of structure and function, while in other contexts these may be considered separate categories.
The award winner is given with the Jim Thorpe Trophy (different from the collegiate football's Jim Thorpe Award ).
Other species suspected of reaching exceptional age include European Yew Taxus baccata (probably over 2,000 years) and Western Redcedar Thuja plicata.
DÃ il Ã ireann is the lower house of the parliament of Ireland.
La FolletiÃ re-Abenon is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.
After Wessel's death, he was officially credited with having composed the melody as well as having written the lyrics for the Horst-Wessel-Lied.
Vaccinium arboreum (also called sparkleberry or farkleberry) is a species of Vaccinium native to south-eastern United States. They are usually found in southern Virginia west to southeastern Missouri, and south to Florida and eastern Texas.
This group includes the largest living animal species, the Blue Whale.
Austen's books quickly became fashionable. Aristocrats who liked to set the fashion and taste of the day especially liked them.
Even if only half the gunpowder had gone off, everyone in the House of Lords and its environs would have been killed instantly.
The defeat of the referendum sealed the fate of the Government.
She began as a ladies maid to Lady Greathead at Guyâ s Cliffe House, near the Saxon Mill, Coventry Road, Warks.
In August 2000, Jurowski was named the Music Director of the Glyndebourne Festival Opera.
Chicken or veal parmigiana has become very popular in Australia as a pub dish, often served with chips and salad.
It is a principal city of the Auburn-Opelika Metropolitan Area.
Max is shocked and scared by the news of his father's parole.
The Hino River is a major river in the western part of Tottori Prefecture, acting as the main drainage for the Hino River drainage system, and the three main drainage river in Tottori Prefecture.
During the Apollo program, the terms pericynthion and apocynthion were used when referring to the moon.
Mikio Manaka (born 22 May 1969) is a former Japanese football player.
Both enjoyed greater commercial success in the United States than Bauhaus had, but disappeared from the charts in their homeland.
A similar definition of the term Universe is everything that exists at a single moment of time, such as the present or the beginning of time, as in the sentence'' The Universe was of size 0''.
A yacht, a type of boat, that was traveling from Bermuda to New York ran into strong winds and seas 25 f high off the Virginia coast. The nine people on the boat had to be rescued by Coast Guard helicopters.
It helps other templates check if a string is'' longer or equally long'' vs.'' shorter'' than a given length.
Einin was a Japanese era name after ShÅ Å and before ShÅ an.
Approximately one third of the IWA's income is derived from membership subscriptions, the remainder coming mainly from the funding of specific research projects by trusts and foundations, and other public and private organizations.
None of these laws have any punishment similar to those traditionally used for the common scold.
Since the collapse of the Soviet Union, the city has become a relatively lively and well-provisioned capital, with a much higher standard of living than most rural areas.
Small mammals that feed on acorns include mice, squirrels and several other rodents.
On the June 22, 2007 episode of SmackDown!
They are found in several areas of northern and western South America, including western Venezuela, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, western Bolivia, northwestern Argentina, and eastern Panama.
It was established as a devotion with prayers already formulated and special exercises, found in the writings of Lanspergius (d. 1539) of the Carthusians of Cologne, the Louis of Blois (Blosius ; 1566 ), a Benedictine and Abbot of Liessies in Hainaut, John of Avila (d. 1569) and St. Francis de Sales, the latter belonging to the seventeenth century.
Is this the line they have created by aggression since the beginning of September ?
In music, a pentatonic scale is a scale with five notes in each octave.
Due to inefficiencies such as friction, heat loss, and other factors, thermal efficiencies are typically much less than 100 %.
By 07:30 UTC, all 91 passengers, 9 guides and 54 crew, from over 14 countries, left the ship and took to the life rafts, where they drifted for three to four hours, until they were picked up by the Norwegian ship MS Nordnorge which arrived on scene by 10:00 UTC.
Deadwood actor John Hawkes was cast to portray a character named Lennon and Japanese actor Hiroyuki Sanada obtained the role of Dogen ; both men are Others stationed at the temple.
Kournikova won two doubles tournaments.
The players hit the ball with their hands as in volleyball.
Charles IV (18\/19 June 1294 â'' 1 February 1328 ), was the King of France and Navarre (as Charles I) and Count of Champagne from 1322 to his death. Charles IV the last French king of the old Capetian line.
An ice cream sandwich is a type of frozen desert that is made by putting ice cream in between two cookies or pieces of cake (called'' sandwiching'' ).
On April 10, 1991, what was either a strong tropical depression or a weak tropical storm formed in the eastern South Atlantic, recorded by weather satellites off the coast of Angola.
So far, however, the template has failed to keep up with the ingenuity of infobox creators.
He mostly works on the philosophy of mind and cognitive science, both of which are concerned with how the mind works.
Also, the NWF offers hands-on training and support for habitat restoration through its Backyard Wildlife Habitat and Schoolyard Habitat programs.
Finally, japsaek (actors) dressed as caricatures of traditional village roles wander around to engage spectators, blurring the boundary between performers and audience.
When Lennon and wife Ono needed an assistant, Pang was sent to England to work for them.
He suffered a nervous breakdown in 1919, and his career effectively ended.
For example, the oases of Awjila, Ghadames and Kufra, in modern-day Libya, have at various times been vital to both North-South and East-West trade in the Sahara desert.
The Pawnee people thought eagles as symbols of nature and fertility. This is because their nests are built high off the ground, and because they protect their young very bravely.
'' Lisa's Pony'' is the eighth episode of the third season of The Simpsons.
Roberto Ayala (born 14 April 1973) is an Argentine football player.
When the conflict between Fontaine and Ryan reached a stalemate, Jack was sent instructions to board a flight with a package and to use its contents, a revolver, to hijack and crash the plane near the lighthouse, enabling him to return to Rapture as a tool of Fontaine.
Sains-l Ã s-Pernes is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.
The risk reduction increases with duration of use.
This contained Flamsteed's observations, and included a catalogue of 2,935 stars to much greater accuracy than any previous work.
Each fighting style was chosen to represent the element it projected.
It can be found on the B2116 road 2.4 miles south of Burgess Hill.
The GMR effect was first observed in stacks of 10 or more layers.
announced that by (the Northern Hemisphere) summer of 2006 they would interoperate using SIP\/SIMPLE which is followed on December 2005 by the AOL and Google strategic partnership deal where Google Talk users would be able to talk with AIM and ICQ users provided they have an identity at AOL.
Stanley Vann (born Leicester, 15 February 1910 - 27 March 2010) was an English composer, organist, choral conductor, and choir trainer.
Modern technology has made it possible for us to know what the original colors were, and this has helped scientists to identify him.
Ilian Stoyanov (born 20 January 1977) is a Bulgarian football player.
Al Ain is becoming a place that tourists visit, with attractions such as Jebel Hafeet, a 1340 metre high mountain that dominates the surrounding area.
After touring in support of their last album, The Sufferer & the Witness, Rise Against began to record Appeal to Reason in January 2008 at the Blasting Room studio in Fort Collins, Colorado.
Taylor then leaves the room and enters a third which is occupied by sampler Craig Jones who is standing straight upright and does not move throughout the scene.
All his property was entrusted to Monsignor Angelo Cesarini, for distribution.
Loaded is the fourth album by the Velvet Underground.
After some years, Orbetello was captured by the Sienese Republic.
Seanad Ã ireann is the second house of the Irish parliament, the Oireachtas.
Experienced DJs are also able to crossfade between tracks using the channel faders.
In 1784 Piccinni became professor at the Royal School of Music, a school which later became part of the Conservatoire.
Harding studied trumpet at Chetham's School of Music in Manchester. When he was 13 he became a member of the National Youth Orchestra.
Young was born in Eastleigh, Hampshire, the third of four children of Edwin Young (1878 -- 1936 ), a builder and contractor, and his wife Gertrude Mary (nÃ e Brown ; 1880 -- 1945 ).
Vimont, Calvados is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.
The Prefect of Police of Marseilles, Jouhannaud, was subsequently removed from office.
Ernst Ingmar Bergman was born in Uppsala, Sweden to a Lutheran minister of Danish descent, Erik Bergman (later chaplain to the King of Sweden ), and his wife, Karin (nÃ e Ã
Pickett, Inc. was given exclusive rights to the scale.
Hurricane Vince was an unusual hurricane that began in the northeast Atlantic Ocean.
These tickets are pre-paid for between pre-determined stations, and are good for only one trip.
Certain items are either elements of that multiset, or they are not.
He also received a nomination for Golden Globe'' Best Actor in a Drama'' and a nomination for Academy Award for Best Actor for this acting.
As a result of certain weather conditions, Typhoon Tip quickly strengthened in the open waters of the western Pacific Ocean.
It was first performed on 8 March 1905, in the Queen's Hall, London, conducted by the composer.
If neither team scores during overtime, the game ends in a tie.
Meowth is spends most of the daytime sleeping and walks the city streets at night.
Pellegrue is a commune. It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.
Colbert's career got a huge boost when Cecil B. DeMille cast her as the Roman empress Poppaea in his historical epic The Sign of the Cross (1932 ), opposite Fredric March and Charles Laughton (as Nero ).
There are different types of such matches :
In 1846 (a year before he died) the festival commissioned him to write his oratorio Elijah.
The highly growing emotional realism of the Emoto-Tronic Furby has given birth to a number of Furby-like special interest groups.
Livry, Calvados is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.
Otto Frank told his family that they would hide in rooms above and behind the place where his company worked on the Prinsengracht. The Prinsengracht was a street next to one of Amsterdam's canals, where some of his most trusted employees would help them.
Another common occurrence of computer rage is whilst playing computer games, mainly first-person shooters and mmorpgs.
Tsuyoshi Kunieda (born 18 September 1944) is a former Japanese football player.
Black cardamom is sometimes used in garam masala for curries.
The crown of head feathers was mainly reddish with a gray base and front, and the face had rufous speckles among predominantly black head feathers.
The SaÃ ne is a river of eastern France.
As in 2001 the group gave a series of live performances, though at three nights the run was shorter and the venue was more intimate.
b) Page numbers can be in Arabic or Roman numerals, and can appear at the top or bottom of the page, in the center, on the left or on the right, or even-numbered pages and on the right for odd-numbered pages.
The textile and manufacturing sectors across Scotland suffered significant decline in the postwar period, and in particular from the 1960s, in the face of greater foreign competition.
He finally made his NHL debut on February 6, 2010 against the Pittsbugh Penguins in a 5-3 victory.
Being situated close to Lake Constance and the Swiss border, it is mostly known for the Aachtopf â'' Germany's biggest natural spring in terms of production.
Melbourne is a town in south Derbyshire, England.
Barium hydroxide is used in titrations. If sodium hydroxide solution is used, some sodium carbonate may be in there.
The animals of Australia had evolved very slowly in almost complete isolation from the animals of other continents.
Cthulhu (pronounced kuh-THOO-loo or kuh-loo-oo) is a fictional monster created by the horror writer H. P. Lovecraft. Cthulhu is a god-like being from another planet, and it (Cthulhu is neither male nor female) is supposedly very ancient.
In the final Vesely claimed his first junior Grand Slam title as he lost just three games against home hope Saville.
Orkney and Shetland each have a half hour daily news program â'' Around Orkney (0730-0800) and Good Evening Shetland (1730-1800 ).
Today, the term Lessepsian migration is used more broadly for any migration of animals over man-made structures.
The diagram illustrates Sinope's orbital elements in relation to other moons of the group.
Cleander fled to Commodus, who was at Laurentum in the house of the Quinctilii, for protection, but the mob followed him calling for his head.
An IATA airport code, is a three-letter code that can be used to identify airports. This removes the need to write the name of the airport in full every time it is needed, instead an IATA code can be used.
In 1434 he was made maistre de chappelle in Savoy. He seems to have left Rome when the papal choir had money problems.
Repressive measures included deportations of the population and mass killings ; al-Majid was dubbed'' Chemical Ali'' by Iraqi Kurds for his use of chemical weapons in attacks against them.
The PasiphaÃ'' group is a group of retrograde non-spherical moons of Jupiter that follow similar orbits to PasiphaÃ'' and are thought of have a common origin.
Evidence suggests the Colorado River established its course through the canyon at least 17 million years ago.
There are normally 4 â'' 5 eggs laid and incubated over 16 â'' 18 days.
The 7-8th-century English monk St. Bede was referred to as being venerable soon after his death and, by tradition, is therefore often referred to as'' the Venerable Bede'' despite his also having been canonized.
It ate small mammals and carrion.
Headteacher Dianne McKinnon who succeeded Elizabeth Devlin after she retired in July.
In 1947, Pakistan became a dominion and part of the British Commonwealth with the British Monarch as head of state, represented by the Governor-General of Pakistan.
Masayuki Ota (born 17 June 1973) is a former Japanese football player.
Its discovery was announced by Scott S. Sheppard, David C. Jewitt, Jan Kleyna, and Brian G. Marsden on May 4, 2005, from observations taken between December 12, 2004, and March 9, 2005.
At its high point, the factory employed 5000 workers.
: The term'' time dilation'' (pron. )
The M6 motorway is the longest motorway in the United Kingdom. It is one of the busiest motorways in the country.
Writer can open and save documents in a lot of formats, including the OASIS Open Document Format 1.1, Microsoft Word's DOC, RTF and XHTML.
The British Rail Class 103 diesel multiple units were built by Park Royal Vehicles with diesel engines by British United Traction (BUT ).
Chopstick rests are made in various shapes from clay, wood, glass, or precious stone such as jade.
The plan shows a phased expansion of the airport to a maximum capacity of 8 million passengers per annum, without the addition of a second runway, or significant expansion of the current airport boundaries.
Fredrickson is featured prominently in the Stefan Fatsis book A Few Seconds of Panic.
Jenson Alexander Lyons Button, MBE (born 19 January 1980 in Frome, Somerset) is a British Formula One driver currently signed to McLaren Mercedes.
Hamme is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders.
Lucas Bernardi (born 27 September 1977) is an Argentine football player. He plays for Newell's Old Boys.
Fatty acids are aliphatic monocarboxylic acids derived from, or contained in, an animal or vegetable fat, oil, or wax. Natural fatty acids commonly have a chain of four to 28 carbon atoma (usually unbranched and even numbered ), which may be saturated or unsaturated.
We walked across India to reach Australia.
Article 47 of the Weimar Constitution of 1919 declared'' Der ReichsprÃ sident hat den Oberbefehl Ã 1\/4 ber die gesamte Wehrmacht des Reiches'' (meaning :'' The ReichsprÃ sident holds supreme command of all armed forces of the Reich'' ).
His works also addressed birth control methods and growth hormones.
In 2002, Molefi Kete Asante included Robinson on his list of 100 Greatest African Americans.
It is the third Fibonacci number, and the third and fifth Perrin numbers.
LablachÃ re is a commune in the ArdÃ che dÃ partement in southern France.
The movement was started by the All Jammu and Kashmir Muslim Conference after its induction as a political platform of the Muslims in August 1932 in Srinagar.
Between 60 to 70 cm in length (without tail) it is the smallest wallaroo and the most heavily built.
Talcott Parsons (December 13, 1902 - May 8, 1979) was a American who created an idea called structural functionalism.
In 1980 he was elected to the State Parliament (Landtag ), and took over the state Ministry of the Interior.
Toppings are chosen to reflect the seasons and to balance with other ingredients.
About 24 of them appeared in the short-lived Boston periodical The United States Literary Gazette.
''' One Man Army''' is a 1999 alternative rock song by the Canadian alternative rock band Our Lady Peace and is the first single from their third studio album Happiness... Is Not a Fish That You Can Catch, which was released in 1999.
Husserl tries new methods of bringing his readers to understand the importance of phenomenology to scientific observation : specifically he refers to psychology) and what he means for'' bracketing natural attitude''.
It has an area of 146 kmÂ, making it the third largest lake in Italy, after Lake Garda and Lake Maggiore.
In 1931, at the age of 20, Botvinnik won his first Soviet Championship in Moscow, scoring 13 Â 1\/2 out of 17.
Liz Sinclair had been studying wallabies and caught the potoroo in one of her traps.
The team's headquarters were first located at Meta Images's offices in Madrid, housing marketing and administration. Its technical center is located at Campos Racing's headquarters in Alzira, Valencia.
Fifteen people, twelve of them children, died in the collapse of the Bad Reichenhall Ice Rink on 2 January 2006.
Since 2006 GÃ 1\/4 strow has the official suffix Barlachstadt.
He played bad in three games before injuring his groin. He was then replaced by former starter Josh McCown.
Dannes is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.
the' New' falling out of use leading to its current name.
When Roger, Jack's lieutenant, smashes the shell, it is a sign that civilized order has collapsed and Jack's domination has begun.
In the Bible, bugles are found in the time of Moses, when God commanded Moses to' make two bugles of hammered silver' in Numbers 10:1 -3.
UzÃ s is a commune in the Gard department in southern France.
It has a population of approximately 17,000.
Earnhardt Ganassi Racing is a NASCAR race team run by Teresa Earnhardt, the wife of Dale Earnhardt, Chip Ganassi, and Felix Sabates.
Capra is purportedly setting the grounds for change in many new theories, one of which is the theory of living systems, a theoretical framework for ecology.
Hideaki Kitajima (born 23 May 1978) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Kashiwa Reysol.
After name was'' Japanese forced occupation'' (Hangeul : ì 1\/4 ì ê ì ê ; Ilje gangjeomgi, Hanja : æ -- å å 1\/4 å æ ).
' may be used to summarize information about a building.
Apart from the Nobel Prize, she was a recipient of the Order of Merit, a recipient of the Copley Medal, and a Fellow of the Royal Society.
Gould also discusses the possibility that what Morrell sighted was indeed the eastern coast of Graham Land, the so-called'' Foyn Coast'', despite its being 14 Â further west from position of the New South Greenland sighting.
William Pitt's saying that'' America was won in Germany'' referred to the Prussian war effort, which enabled Great Britain to keep her continental commitment limited and focus on her'' blue water policy,'' successfully establishing naval supremacy.
The film is titled Percy Jackson & the Olympians : The Lightning Thief and was first shown in the United States on February 12, 2010.
It is the only iron bridge in Britain that still carries main road traffic. This is the oldest iron bridge in the world that is still in constant use.
It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France.
Atlantic University was originally intended for study of Cayce's readings and research after spiritual subjects.
By the late 20th century yoghurt had become a common food in America and Colombo Yogurt was sold in 1993 to General Mills, who stopped using the brand name in 2010.
It was first held in February, 2006.
The three islands were named a national park in 1980,. The park was extended to include the nearby parts of the ocean and a part of Flores in 1984.
It only raced only for a short time. In was used by the Haas Lola team in and the Benetton Formula team in.
It also borders the countries of Paraguay and Bolivia to the west.
Red Bull changed the name of the team after taking control of the team to' Scuderia Toro Rosso'.
His pavane'' Lachrymae antiquae'' was also one of the big hits of the seventeenth century.
As some alien ecosystems are likely to be a lot harsher than a typical terrestrial ecosystem, these exotic vents provide an insight into some of the forms that alien life might take.
Certines is a commune.
Louis Braille, was born on January 4, 1809 in a small French town, and died on January 6, 1852, was a French inventor who invented the script'' system, which helps blind people read.
Endemism is an ecological word meaning that a plant or animal is only found in a particular location, such as a specific island, habitat type, nation or other defined zone.
is about 2 kilometres in diameter, and orbits Jupiter at an average distance of 22,731,000 km in 700.129 days, at an inclination of 164 Â to the ecliptic (166 Â to Jupiter's equator ), with an eccentricity of 0.3438.
The'' resolved'' tag is not final and does not close a conversation.
Games in the Grand Theft Auto series.
When finished, click Update Watchlist.
Jules Verne wrote about Torres Strait in his novel, Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea. It was a dangerous place where the submarine,'' Nautilus'', was stranded for a short time.
Gianfranco Leoncini (born 25 September, 1939) is a former Italian football player.
He was a strong all-rounder and on leaving received the school's top award for sporting and academic excellence, the Fortescue Medal.
Technology continues to provide and expand means for human beings to record their thoughts, feelings and experiences.
The terms working language, bridge language and vehicular language are used in the same sense.
The western and northern part of the Palatinate is densely forested and mountainous.
The Delmarva Peninsula is a large peninsula on the East Coast of the United States, made up by parts of three U.S. states : Delaware, Maryland, and Virginia.
Dzhigarkhanyan was given the title of People's Artist of the USSR in 1985.
Kowalik took Whitey with him on his visit Ann Arbor, Michigan, and Alvin Wistert later said,'' that's how it started : the Wisterts of Michigan.''
The first five were all published by Boosey & Co. as Elgar's Op.
Its county town is the ancient city of Lincoln.
He began playing bass when he was thirteen years old, as of September 2007, uses a Sandberg bass.
Chapter IV deals with finance and trade in the federal system.
However, as'' founder actions'' are usually of great interest to the local community, and are only relevant to the English Wikipedia, the' founder' right also has the benefit of allowing Wales' actions to be visible in the en. wiki rights log ; actions performed with the steward bit are not visible in that record, but only on the log at metawiki.
It is found in Iran, Pakistan, and possibly Afghanistan.
He defeated Jeff Hardy to again retain the WWE Title at the Royal Rumble.
This navy blue color trend was adopted for the Saltire itself by many flag manufacturers, resulting in a variety of shades of blue being depicted on the flag of Scotland ranging from'' sky blue'' to'' royal blue'' to'' navy blue''.
There were no changes until lap 11 when Piquet tried to pass Patrese and went through an escape road, allowing Nannini to get ahead.
Survivor : Borneo was the first season of the American reality show Survivor.
Charlie Gardiner, the team's goaltender for its first Stanley Cup win in 1934, became the first European-born captainâ'' and still the only goaltender captainâ'' to win the Stanley Cup.
It was set up in 1974 from the county borough of Bury and the boroughs of Prestwich and Radcliffe, along with the urban districts of Tottington and Whitefield, and part of the urban district of Ramsbottom.
There does not yet appear to be a consensus ; in a review article, Roger and Simpson conclude that'' with the current pace of change in our understanding of the eukaryote tree of life, we should proceed with caution''.
It was first published in 1997 and describes the changes from night to day and from day to night.
In 1976 he won the Main Event of the World Series of Poker.
Ewing's sarcoma is a type of bone cancer.
'' Servant of God'' is the title given to a deceased person of the Catholic Church whose life and works are being investigated in consideration for official recognition by the Pope and the Catholic Church as a saint in Heaven.
Finally, Ford engineers decided to take apart the two different transmissions.
They may include itching of the vagina, redness, swelling or blisters within 30 minutes of contact.
Candice Michelle used her rematch clause for the WWE Women's Championship on the October 22 version of Raw in a Two out of three falls match.
Because he was born in Miami, Poitier automatically gained U.S. citizenship.
From 7 September 1949 to 6 September 1950 he was the first President of the Bundesrat.
The name name comes from the huge tidal tails that come off the ends of the two galaxies.
When neither consul was within the city, their civic duties were assumed by the praetor urbanus (city prefect ).
: : : : I hear Jerusalem, bells are ringing, Roman cavalry, choirs are singing, -- (cavalry are horse-soldiers )'' Be my mirror, my sword and shield, My missionairies in a foreign field'', For some reason... -- Coldplay,'' Viva la Vida'' (a) For coding on multiple lines, use'''' rather than'''' tags.
Ravenna is a province in the region of Emilia-Romagna in Italy.
Vilnius has a public transportation system.
Tinky Winky, (played by Dave Thompson, Mark Heenehan, and Simon Shelton ), is the first Teletubby.
Internal hemorrhoids usually present with painless rectal bleeding while external hemorrhoids present with pain in the area of the anus.
Please note that MISSING and UNKNOWN result in Categories that are not displayed on the page.
It was written for his soon-to-be wife Yoko Ono, and featured a multitude of strange, seemingly nonsense phrases which were strung together, culminating in the chorus'' All I want is you'', aimed at Yoko.
Since Kuala Lumpur became a Federal Territory of Malaysia on February 1, 1972, the city has been led by seven mayors.
Emperor Seimu was the 13th emperor of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession.
Murphy says he sometimes goes to church in Los Angeles.
He has played for Brazil national team.
The Beatles ), and only with a clear consensus, members at the time of dissolution may be listed in the'' Current_members'' field.
The open source project behind Google Chrome is known as Chromium.
Hence the template needed to present lower-case letters to the WHO website but upper-cases letters to the wikipedia page.
Tianyuraptor is a genus of short-armed dromaeosaurid dinosaur (' running lizard' ; a type of small dinosaur considered to be closely related to birds) that lived during the Early Cretaceous, about 122 million years ago.
The dockyard continued to build both naval and commercial vessels until it closed in 1992.
Grainville-sur-Odon is a commune. It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France.
The company was founded as a British racing internal combustion engine maker in 1958 by Mike Costin and Keith Duckworth (1933-2005) The name Cosworth came by combining their last names. (COStin and duckWORTH ).
Before Nintendo made the game, it also made a Duck Hunt game about the Laser Clay Shooting System released in 1976.
The storm increased the risk of rip currents, so officials told swimmers to stay out of the water until the storm left the area.
He had always existed, from the time of the epic of Gilgamesh, where he appears as Enkiddu, the wild-but-good man who lives with animals ; and the untutored-but-noble medieval knight, Parsifal.
Founded in 1903, nearly 200,000 people live there (192,997) and it is the largest city in the Oxnard-Thousand Oaks-Ventura Metropolitan Area
According to Hindu Puranas a king named Bhagiratha did Tapasya for many years to bring the River Ganges. Ganges was then residing in the Heavens.
She is worried about him always singing at'' illegal strip clubs'' ; he says he does not go to'' illegal strip joints'', but he goes anyway.
Wilson also voiced Robin in'' The Color of Revenge!''
This is the first organism discovered in nature to exclusively use a light other than sunlight for photosynthesis.
The United States presidential election of 1996 was a contest between the Democratic national ticket of President Bill Clinton of Arkansas and Vice President Al Gore of Tennessee and the Republican national ticket of former Senator Bob Dole of Kansas for President and former Congressman and ex-Cabinet Secretary Jack Kemp of New York for Vice President.
Ellen DeGeneres (born January 26, 1958) is an American comedian and television star.
Baja California Sur is a state of Mexico.
Le Roux is a commune in the ArdÃ che dÃ partement in southern France.
The Murinae are native to Africa, Europe, Asia, and Australia.
Today, a shrine in the church's basement marks the same spot where the Liberty Bell was.
The release of IE7 at the end of 2006 resulted in a collapse of IE6 market share ; by February 2007, market version share statistics showed IE6 at about 50 % and IE7 at 29 %.
When the show first was shown it was rated the best animated television series in its demographic ; new episodes averaged 3.1 million viewers each.
This is probably because most languages implementing anonymous functions allow them to form closures and programmers are usually introduced to both concepts at the same time.
The year 2010 is either pronounced'' twenty-ten'' or'' two thousand (and) ten''.
The club's goal is to annoy and bother girls, and Calvin's main target is Susie Derkins.
Very often the shops and restaurants that serve fish and chips do not have a license to serve alcohol.
As the same text often existed in several different versions, comparative textual criticism was crucial for ensuring their accuracy.
The sauce is made made ready to sell in the Midlands Road factory in Worcester, which is the home of Lea & Perrins since 16th October 1897.
The Pittsburgh Steelers are the team with the most Super Bowl Wins with six. The San Francisco 49ers and Dallas Cowboys currently are tied for the second-most Super Bowl wins with 5.
JaromÃ r BlaÅ 3\/4 ek (born 29 December 1972) is a Czech football player. He plays for Sparta Prague.
Sometimes gusts of wind can make poorly made bridges move or be destroyed, like the Tacoma Narrows Bridge in 1940.
Mesnil-Lettre is a commune of the Aube dÃ partement in the north-central part of France.
A hurricane watch as released for Martinique on the 14th.
They found that individual differences in intelligence are substantially influenced by genetics and that both genes and environment, in complex interplay, are essential to the development of intellectual competence.
Adasaurus is a member of Dromaeosauridae, a theropod family thought to be very closely related to birds.
It is possible to create a subpage of a subpage (or a sub-subpage ).
He plays for Gainare Tottori.
The Zeebo was and is a video games console releaced by Zeebo Inc in 2009 in Brazil and Mexico, 2010 in India & Russia & TBA in China it's marketed via the fun and excitement of interactive entertainment and education to those whoâ'' until nowâ'' have had little or no access to such technology it has wireless capabilities and if the player would like you can Boomerang, Keyboard and Z-Pad, you can also go online via internet connectivity via the Zeebo video games console.
A program normally relies on such factors. For this reason, different systems will typically not run the same machine code.
In this use, it has the inverse function of quotation marks ; denoting actions where unmarked text is assumed to be dialog.
David Pritchard credits the drop rule to the practice of 16th century mercenaries (ronin) who switched loyalties when capturedâ'' no doubt as an alternative to execution''.
As of 2000, 48,498 people lived there.
The Toa Payoh Town Park is a garden-landscaped park. It was known as Toa Payoh Town Garden before a temporary bus interchange had to be built at the location of the garden.
This period was a very long struggle for control by individual daimyo. Different houses made huge efforts to dominate all of Japan.
Cavignac is a commune. It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.
Out of solidarity with her husband, MÃ xima's mother also did not come to the wedding on 2 February 2002 in Amsterdam.
Firestone become the original equipment supplier of Ford Motor Company automobiles.
Lido Vieri (born 16 July, 1939) is a former Italian football player.
In 2007, 14 % of the world's electricity came from nuclear power.
Sometimes, when judging a decision, the general environment is cold to new ideas, or alternate interpretations, and it can require more time to melt their attitudes.
Shohei Abe (born 1 December 1982) is a Japanese football player. He plays for Nagoya Grampus Eight.
The King of Prussia awarded him with an annual pension of 300 US$ (1968 dollars) for the discovery.
Between 1855 and 1898, he exhibited 72 portraits in the Paris Salon.
But Ratchet and Clank kill Drek after a long fight, and use the Deplanetizer to destroy Drek's new planet.
Gadsden County is a county in the panhandle of the U.S. state of Florida.
A specialized vocabulary exists for de-sexed animals.
The Nazi Organisation Todt operated each subcamp and used forced labor to build bunkers, gun emplacements, air-raid shelters, and concrete fortifications.
Achlorhydria and hypochlorhydria is when there is very little, or no gastric acid in the stomach.
Beardstown is a city of Illinois in the United States.
A caldera is a volcanic feature formed by the collapse of land following a volcanic eruption.
He came from the Isle of Wight, and was a convicted smuggler and joined the HBC in 1750 as a net-maker and labourer.
The Duchy of Saxe-Meiningen was one of the Ernestine duchies.
It can also be made by heating liquid iodine with chlorine gas at 105 C.
Takeshi Mizuuchi (born 19 November 1972) is a former Japanese football player.
He was ranked # 1 in the world from April 2006 to January 2007, and had the second highest Elo rating of all time (2813 ).
The Jackson family then moved to Rochester, New York, where Shirley attended Brighton High School and graduated in 1934.
The determinant takes a square matrix and returns a number.
Today we use the shopping cart.
In the spring of 1997 the following names got retired : Cesar, Fran, and Hortense.
SPÃ --, Ã -- VP and the Greens ratified the Treaty of Lisbon in parliament without a referendum, and only FPÃ -- and the Alliance for the Future of Austria did not sign.
During this time, noblewomen started wearing full-length skirts and jackets, and noblemen began to wear roomy trousers bound in at the ankles and belted at the waist, and thus, aristocrates began to wear what is similar with Hanbok in thses days.
Saint-Androny is a commune. It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.
Naismith was employed as chapel director and physical education instructor.
Many novels of great length do not have chapters.
'' Itchy & Scratchy & Marge'' is the ninth episode of The Simpsons second season and first started on December 20, 1990.
The 737-400 was launched in 1985 as a stretched 737-300, primarily for use by charter airlines.
They can communicate with other types of Emoto-tronic Furbies, though to a smaller amont than the communication between original Furbies, and they can not themselves communicate with the original Furbies.
UNOOSA operates the Programme on Space Applications and maintains a list of objects sent into space - the Register of Objects Launched into Outer Space.
It runs through the counties of North Yorkshire, West Yorkshire and the East Riding of Yorkshire, although most of it is in West Yorkshire.
Texas Motor Speedway is a racetrack located in Fort Worth, Texas.
Misao Tamai (born 16 December 1903 - died 23 December 1978) is a former Japanese football player.
The idea of a coordinated synchronized worldwide party appeared as a work of fiction in the book Flight, A Quantum Fiction Novel, by American writer Vanna Bonta.
In April 1963, the first race with Formula One cars took place at Imola. It was a non-championship event, and was won by Jim Clark for Lotus.
Parents with an Autistic Spectrum Disorder (Asperger Syndrome) often have children with Asperger Syndrome or with more severe Autism.
Various translations exist of the sixth commandment ; the Hebrew words -- are translated either as'' thou shalt not kill'' or'' thou shalt not murder''.
Most species nest in trees, often with spoonbills or herons.
The VVA design will be used in a new mid-engined sports car for Lotus cars. The APX is a high performance 7 seat Multi Purpose Vehicle.
He was inducted into the English Football Hall of Fame in 2003.
On March 27, WWE hosted it's yealy WWE Hall of Fame ceremony at the Dodge Theater, where the 2010 members were made an official member of the hall of fame.
The list of available'' aliases'' are found in : Category : Country data redirects.
David Boreanaz was born on May 16th, 1969 in Buffalo, New York. He grew up in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Six Borat sketches were shown :'' Wine Tasting'','' Politics'','' Country Music'','' Hobbies'','' Buying a House'' and'' Jobs'' (careers ).
What is this' line of control' ?
When a tropical depression intensifies into a tropical storm to the north of the Equator between the coastline of the Americas and 140 Â E then it will be named by the NHC.
Nor does it correspond to the many other ways of defining a year (for which, see Year ).
Weismann's ideas preceded the rediscovery of Gregor Mendel's work, and though Weismann was cagey about accepting Mendelism, younger workers soon made the connection.
borderless td,.
Ø Ø Ù Ø Ø Ù) born (November 9, 1877 â'' April 21, 1938) was a Muslim poet, philosopher and politician born in Sialkot, British India (now in Pakistan ). He wrote poetry in Urdu and Persian languages.
Johnson derided these allegations as'' an inverted pyramid of piffle'', but Howard sacked Johnson because he believed press reports showed Johnson had lied, rather than for the affair itself.
The average household size is 1.92 and the average family size is 2.73.
The vast majority of Wikipedia articles are written by normal people, with healthy attitudes, and common courtesy.
Domenico Fontana (1543 -- June 28 1607) was a Swiss-born Italian architect of the late Renaissance.
Clark has suggested that homochirality may have started in space, as the studies of the amino acids on the Murchison meteorite showed L-alanine to be more than twice as frequent as its D form, and L-glutamic acid was more than 3 times prevalent than its D counterpart.
The song was made as a bonus track on Adams compilation album So Far So Good.
In 1990 on the album Oranges and Lemmings she sang'' The Trains of Waterloo'', a funny version of the folk song'' The Plains of Waterloo'' in a duet with Martin Carthy. In 1994 on Gnus and Roses she sang'' The January June'', which made fun of her sad and serious singing style.
Bacteria that can form endospore, but are not in the endospore state are known to be in their vegetative state.
Independence was declared in 1810 by Miguel Hidalgo, starting the Mexican War of Independence.
Mayapan was a Maya city. It is about 100 km away from Chichen Itza.
This Akkadian occupation was succeeded by an occupation during the third dynasty of Ur, and the constructions of Ur-Nammu, the great builder of temples, are on top of those of Naram.
Miranjani, the highest peak of the area, is also in Namli Maira.
The Dasypodidae are the only surviving family in the order Cingulata, part of the superorder Xenarthra together with the anteaters and sloths.
In 1899, the Anglo-Egyptian Condominium Agreement for Sudan set the border between the territories at the 22nd parallel. At that time, the United Kingdom ruled the area.
The form of the service was started by Edward White Benson who was Bishop of Truro in Cornwall, for use on Christmas Eve (24 December) 1880.
Its members are professional astronomers from all over the world, and they all work on research and education in astronomy.
Giorgio Armani (born in 11 July 1934) is an Italian fashion designer.
Tripod is a word generally used to refer to a three-legged object, generally one used as a platform of some sort, and comes from the Greek tripous, meaning'' three feet''.
Kelantan is a state in Malaysia that is located on the north-east part of Peninsular Malaysia. The capital city of Kelantan is Kota Bharu.
Chatsworth is a city of Iowa in the United States.
Cairnryan is a small Scottish village overlooking Loch Ryan and is notable today for its large modern ferry port, operated by P&O, which links Scotland with Larne in Northern Ireland.
When he was a teenager, Gareth joined the Gwent Young People's Theatre in Abergavenny and The Dolman Youth Theatre in Newport.
Hyden is a city of Kentucky in the United States.
'' Against Florida in 1930 he got his teammates in a huddle and told them about a play he had used in high school.
The apartments are located in the Greenwich Village in New York City.
Moulon, Gironde is a commune. It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.
Produces a year, decade, century or millennium for use in an infobox or navbox.
There have been four types of iPhone.
Windows XP is one version of the Windows operating system made by Microsoft.
Frequency Modulation (usually shortened to FM) is a way of broadcasting radio signals.
Chicago Magazine said that'' just before the September 11 attacks'', Richard Elrond, who was hurt in the'' Days of Rage'', was given an apology from Ayers and Dohrn.''
Station and line names in italics are under construction.
Many songs from this album were covered by other artists, they are'' Lonely Nights'' by Uriah Heep,'' Jealousy'' by Prism,'' Tonight'' by Randy Meisner and'' Fits Ya Good'' by Tove Naess and more others.
Comparison, in grammar, is a property of adjectives and adverbs in most languages ; it describes systems that distinguish the degree to which the modifier modifies its complement.
Stan Musial, Alex Rodriguez, and Robin Yount have won at different positions. Rodriguez is the only player to win the award with two different teams at two different positions.
The Telling is a 2000 science fiction book that was written by Ursula K. Le Guin and is set in her fictional world called the Hainish Cycle.
The Dispossessed : An Ambiguous Utopia is a 1974 science fiction book that was written by Ursula K. Le Guin.
It is currently the 4th most popular web service in the UK, and includes features such as BBC News, BBC Sport, BBC Weather, BBC iPlayer and learning services such as Bitesize.
Its efforts are the promotion of all studies about minority languages philology, as phonology, syntax, lexicon or constrasctive linguistic studies.
Theistic evolution is the belief that God, or another higher power, used evolution as a tool to create the different species of living creatures on earth.
The 1910 Cuba hurricane was said to be one of the worst tropical cyclones that has ever hit Cuba.
He also confirmed that the album's first single will be'' Disposable Teens''.
On 19 January 2005, Ferrari announced that it had signed an extension to the 1997 Concorde Agreement. The extension would expire on 31 December, 2012.
The conditions remained favorable as Gordon steered through a hole in the ridge near the Azores, allowing it to avoid land.
Iron and aluminium are the two most commonly used metals. They are also the most common metals in the Earth's crust.
He signed and dated it before two witnesses, a cook and a maid in the Hotel who did not speak English but only Chinese.
Bird wrote a book about Hess's imprisonment entitled The Loneliest Man in the World.
These developments were a re-evaluation of the entire Western value system : (love, marriage, popular culture, and a shift from industrial to service economy ). All that took place since the 1950s and 1960s, and are described with the term Postmodernity, as opposed to Postmodernism, a term referring to an opinion or movement.
In 321, Constantine said that Christians and non-Christians should all join the'' day of the sun'' (the eastern sun-worship which Aurelian had helped him introduce ). His coins also had symbols of the sun-cult until 324.
He was also interested in the history of astronomy and worked as a technician at the University of Bologna's Institute of Astronomy.
The unit was called SS-Special Purpose Troops (SS-Verf Ã 1\/4 gungstruppe) and was not the police or the Armed Forces but military trained men for the use by the FÃ 1\/4 hrer in war or peace. The SS-Verf Ã 1\/4 gungstruppe (known as SS-VT) was told to the public on 16 March 1935.
In 1925 the name of the city was changed back to Oslo.
The last race that was to be held in the season was the Dutch round. That race was change to a Superleague Formula race.
The sexual imbalance (more men than women) and the slavery of the Tahitian men by the mutineers led to fighting and the deaths of most of the men.
Matthew Robert Birk (born July 23, 1976 in St. Paul, Minnesota) is an American football center for the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League (NFL ).
The name of the shrine comes from the Arabic word Hazrat, meaning holy or majestic, and the Kashmiri word bal, meaning place.
Maine has fewer days of thunderstorms than any other state east of the Rockies, with most of the state with less than 20 days of thunderstorms a year.
Parts of Europe, including much of Scandinavia, never used serfdom or other feudal institutions.
( Note that exogenesis is related to, but not the same as, the notion of panspermia ).
Southampton Row is major road running northwest-southeast in Bloomsbury, Camden, central London, England.
Nathan Karl Kress (born November 18, 1992) is an American teen actor and voice actor.
For example, searching for Katy Perry on www.billboard.com will lead to http://www.billboard.com/#/artist/katy-perry/958673.
This was also a pioneering contribution to Chinese ethnic studies.
The first commercial electric power transmission that was developed by Thomas Edison in the late nineteenth century used direct current.
In the early 1930s, an American gymnast George Nissen observed trapeze artistes performing tricks when bouncing off the safety net.
The Princess Alice (Alice Maud Mary : Princess Louis and Grand Duchess of Hesse and by Rhine by marriage ; April 25, 1843 â'' December 14, 1878) was the second daughter of Queen Victoria and Prince Albert.
It thus adopted their racial and political doctrines.
Caesar won comfortably, despite his opponents' greater experience and standing.
In an interview with Manson in December 2000, Chuck Palahniuk briefly mentions the Holy Wood novel and compliments its style, adding it is due for release'' next spring''.
Local residents often call it'' the Abbey'', although the present cathedral represents only the church of the old Benedictine abbey.
The city was an important landing and refueling place for early long distance airplane flights between Europe and Australia in the early twentieth century.
An oxide is a chemical compound containing an oxygen atom and other elements.
There can only be 24 living people in the order at any given time, not including honorary appointees, and new members are personally selected by the reigning monarch of the 16 realms, presently Queen Elizabeth II, with the assistance of her private secretaries ; the order has thus been described as'' quite possibly, the most prestigious honor one can receive on planet Earth.''
Make sure to use a comma to separate each element in the array while not including one after the last element.
Birgisch is a municipality in the district of Brig in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.
The highest point of the region is Whernside, in the Yorkshire Dales, at 737 metres. The largest freshwater lake is Hornsea Mere in the East Riding of Yorkshire.
With so many armed officers in the city, undercover police officers need to have an easy to use system in place so that other armed officers know that they are there and do not shoot them when they use their guns.
The city was first created as the capital of the British colonial government.
Caneyville is a city of Grayson County in the state of Kentucky, United States.
In December 1947, she married the famous bass player Ray Brown. She had met him while on tour with Dizzy Gillespie's band a year before.
Derrick Pierce (born March 1, 1974) is an American porn actor.
In late 2008 he began to team with Kendrick against WWE Tag Team Champions The ColÃ ns (Carlit and Primo ), they proved unsuccessful in getting the titles.
It is part of the' Hainish Cycle'.
His friends came to his aid, enabled him to study at Basel (1536 ), and in 1537 obtained for him the professorship of Greek at the newly founded academy of Lausanne (then belonging to Berne ).
'' Dig a Pony'' is a song by The Beatles.
Isle-Saint-Georges is a commune. It is found in the region Aquitaine in the Gironde department in the southwest of France.
á 1\/4 á 3\/4 á 1\/4 á 3\/4 Ð Ó' Ó'' Ó á á) (cÄ Ä Â cents Ñ Ä Ä Ã Ä) (HÐ Î Ä Ä È Ê Ê á cents á á á á Ð Ò cents Ó Ó Î -- á 1\/4 á 1\/4 á 1\/4 á 1\/4'' á 1\/4 á 1\/4 á 1\/4 á 1\/4 á Ð Î -- ).
The lake was used for boating in the summer, and skating in the winter.
A sex shop is a shop that sells adult products including sex toys, pornography, lingerie and fetish goods.
The Requiem Mass in D minor K626 is a famous piece of music by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart which he composed in 1791.
The new brand debuted on its current network, the SCI FI Channel on June 13 2006.
Oscar Wilde (Oscar Fingal O'Flahertie Wills Wilde, 16 October 1854 â'' 30 November 1900) was an Irish writer, poet and playwright.
Sagan is said to be an atheist or agnostic, but some people have said he is a pantheist, because he said thing like'' The idea that God is an oversized white male with a flowing beard who sits in the sky and tallies the fall of every sparrow is ludicrous.
On November 11, 1858, he married Lucretia Rudolph.
In 1873 mine owners tried to bring in Saturday afternoon and Sunday work.
During the next 15 years, various racers improved the record to more than 56 km.
Norbert Brainin continued to perform as a soloist, often performing with pianist GÃ 1\/4 nter Ludwig.
This pattern continued until the 1992 Games in Albertville, France. After this, beginning with the 1994 Games, the Winter Olympics were held on the third year of each Olympiad.
Francis I of France (September 12, 1494 - March 31, 1547) was a King of France and a member of the house of Valois.
On the June 8 episode of SmackDown, WWE Chairman Vince McMahon announced that Edge would be defending the World Heavyweight Championship against Batista in a'' Last Chance'' match at Vengeance.
In 1995, World Championship Wrestling (WCW) began showing its new wrestling show, Monday Nitro, live each week on TNT.
The first world championship was in Amsterdam in 2003 and was won by Iepe Rubingh, the starter of the sport.
Otto Liman von Sanders (17 February 1855 - 22 August 1929) was a German general.
Sections 106-108 preserves the Constitution, powers of the Parliament, and the laws in force of each of the States.
If you do take a break (called a'' Wikibreak'' of all things ), you can just put a note on your userpage, and relax for a while.
'' Dead bodies are buried under the cherry trees!''
The â poop bagâ is usually turned inside out, to carry the feces to a proper disposal area.
